everytime when i say this, i scare ppl say i childish
take CS4260 next sem?
Kianhua bah. Hahahaha
Ohh okay.
Ya if all is working fine
Ok can.
t want to join us because he has watched it.
Poke me.. still waiting for bus:.
Night cycling near downtown. But like dead liddat nvr move lols
Yes c u at e lift lobby.
Ok. I going soon and also send xyan home at the same time. Call u when reaching k.
I wasn't even talking about it to talk about it. I said I ess tiredfrom running around and you started asking about it
amk mrt.
Dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt..
Mr lee is the exhibition tomorrow?
Box p
Ya...he reply liao...5 ppl...but if yong bie ask u...winston say tellhim 4 ppl is max and we have enuff ppl liao...haha
Can't rem. But is acuvue daily de. Nxt nxt Mon gym!
Macha did u put the money?u know i have less people to ask
Oh ho
Gud sweetu
Yup.
Oh? Im going to take bus to tpy then circle line to marymount.
Chalo Thik hai ab
Here also nothing:)
Me too! Have a lovely night
K.k:)advance happy pongal.
s ur army life... So which unit r u in?
Oh. Ya I saw le. Sianz this week my only free week
Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
Noo... dinner neither
Haha.. nothing.. jus very long time never hear ya voice liao mah.. kinda miss it ya know..haha..
Zzz sorry not coming on yet coz my bro dun want clear space for me.
Sorry i used your profile to see your photos
Christ is like a single body, which has many parts: it is still one body, even though it is made up of different parts. In the same way, all of us have been baptized into the one body by the same spirit, and we have all been given the one spirit to drink. 1corinthians <TIME> , <#>  Have a blessed day IN CHRIST
I have 4 points on foursquare!!
the life is like flower,it is like beautiful
Hi Paul, h waz ur day? Lea fm25. U?
Today our classes are getting over by  <DECIMAL>  itself.. Wat a pity?
ll earn little. 2)i can afford to take anoèr job in the day mah.3)i stil wan admin kind.
<#>  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
K
Cool! Just tell me when
HDFCFUND.COM <#>ankit@ <#>
Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
t make it this week too.
Morning 9 or  <#> am is fine~
Oh ya hor lol. Okay shall we have sakae dinner? :X
We'll be back in  <#> mins.. Need to get special food for belle?
Didi aj bank open he kya
Yeah, it takes a bit to get used to.. it's weird
ve got no lect tmr leh... But i may go to sch la, cos my sis is goin...
Sure why not
Ha i can take bus de.u lei
Hi ricky, not sure what you mean.  We are busy till around the weekof the  <#> th. Can it wait till then?  Thanks
LOL that is confusing!
Ha kitne bje tak.. N tere ghar aau na pehle?
Yo! I'm going to walk around the place with timo, ryan, Chester,weiren, raghav and many other people! :D
Drive carefully when u come back hor... Raining heavily...
Tat my no sorry
Wow omg I forgot also crap!!! Can remind me tonight?? I still can print! (:
Haha good! Oh forgot to mention there's a common toilet in front ofmy bro's room that's used by the 3 of us and guests! Haha yeah myparents use their own! I think i'm going to sleep early:P haha oh nomy dad just went in._. My mum asked me where I wanna put the postersup HAHA.
Okie lor... Den set ah, geylang k... So meet at aljunied mrt at 530 lor... Eh xin, ur darling goin to b at j8 today...
Ki re?cnt u dcide?
Bye...see ü...
Neh, Six Feet Under. Two hours outside at least? We can just hang out for that little while too.
Agr shubnkr sadam se dilwata he to t0tal  <#>  ayenge tere ac0unt me.. 7 shubu ke n  <#>  mere.. Bhai f0rm kiske hath bhijwaega
Hi carol rehearsal from  <#> pm toda. Pleas b der n on tym toda.Thanks.Tc. God bless. Hav a great day *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Yay I guess that is not too bad thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0ho kaun wo bihari?
Wat u doing? Having lunch with ur family?
Y
Office is closed for the day sa
Ok. Thanks.
Are you free this weekend by chance
:-*
Sorry): ): next time jio you the other jobs I take up!! for somereason my neck aching aft land training LOL.
Tell me when finish ar, i brief u what to do for IS consulting. Haha.Just now we got discuss abit. Anyway, now raining so i can't go backas well so i'll wait for u.
Ya, my hamster dead oredi... My fav one somemore...Kaiez, tmr mt u at one...
It's ok.
Birds dat live beside d lake, wil fly away wen d lake dries up. Bt d Lotus dat grows in d sam lake, wil die wid d lake. Datz d comitment of true Frnshp Regards.
Meet after lunch la...
Wth ok i chilling out with family at macs they can sign
Haha I got two exams on one day times two sia... but means finish fast!
How much would it cost to hire a hitman
Submit hardcopy.
Mike said we're welcome to come over too.. he moved so his roommatewon't hit on you
Are you at the market? Can I have lor mee?
At 4. Let's go to bill millers
what time you sleeping?
Haha I tmr confirm with u again.
I want kfc its Tuesday. Only buy 2 meals ONLY 2. No gravy. Only 2 Mark. 2!
Ooo okay! (: the ice cream not frozen): might have to wait until tmr):
Can we go next week? Hilda and I not free on thurs. which day are youfree next week? Monday I got a levels then aft that need to go bugischeck sth out, so can't><
Dear ah.. dun wake up so early. I set my alarm clock. Love usweety.!!:*:*:*:*:*:*
How awesomez
If u can, wait. Or change 2 a dr who comes 2moro at 5 or 6.
Rly? Izzit disturbed when its moulting
YEAH I KNOW YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT IT MEH? SAW IT COMING LE
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Hi, ulu pandan needs more blue claim forms. Thanks.
Lols imma no sj. Got no date
Are you just writing native speaker for english proficiency? Orshould I put more?
Now vvs:)
<DECIMAL>  lakh da:)bond don know:)
Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
I'll reach sch at  <#> pm. My lesson at LT <#>  there? Or i go n findu all? Have lah, got help both u n yammy. Haha.
Don?t worry about me. i am ok. just have little bit fever
Oh it closes before  <DECIMAL>  I think.
OHH YAY!!!!!!! (: (: (: hahaha yours is funny not scary!!
Alone?!
Ok sure sure
To be honest, i don't understand the whole statement on first look. Ithink u can remove. Haha.
Haha ooo yeaps that would be nice^^ hahaha what the if you dare toyou have to sleep at the washing machine! Ohh icic! Haha the firsthouse I stayed in in amk is owned by my grandma, the rest all myparents de, and my grandma dun want to stay alone so she came with usI think. The amk house now quite near to my parents' coffeeshop haha!
(And I strategically say that because she identifies add a feminist)
Woo if it's  <#>  de, still okay mah.
I don remember
U still outside? If too late want me to fetch just call me k.
Preambl wala kaun sa ques hai?
Get lost...
K da i vil open after ten min..
Kahan laude
sir notice lagae ge
Good, you?
Np (:
I don't blame you. There's a reason I stay the hell away from Ohio...you'll feel better leaving
Got ur mail Dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
am busy right now
Hey Lets meet in my room @ sheares hall. Buzz me whenever you reach.Am free till 6ish.
Ahh the library block.
Yeah. My dad was even thinking of going to your door
ok.. then i see u tmr, after u noe mei mei's time then we see how to meet.
Sigh disappointed. Buy drinks next week pleass.
Haha I thought they were cute!
Waa dao so late reply. Hmm jus wanna ask if odac going kinabalu cusparents nid plan holidays
Ok thanks!
26 evening is fine.. which place with sakae sushi you have in mind?
I tot operational is only useful in physics
Ya. Had breakfast only at  <#> . We depend so much on our eyes no?Can you read a book?
no ba . i hope nt. bt she doing the discussion qns today
gm ayya. Im tharindu. Can u bring mr.girisha,s items today.
Ohh and I need your emergency contact! Name of contact, contact noand relationship! (: thanks!
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
Dear u brought the originals ar
Aiya dun care her la. Jus tell her lo
Vet! Wad offer?!  engineerin wil need maths ñ phy. Revise english lo-cos sure got tis subject.haha-
Hahaha i'm pro right hahaha! I think it was one of the nicerperformances, if not the most impressive! Janelle's back flip wow!
Wth how u check ans siaz! Godlike. I screen abit also difficult
<#>
S:) very unluckly:)
sorry i can only confirm it later
m on the bus already, left the hse at 8:20.
I love you =)
I meant cool!
tera emt ka masla hal hoa?
Hmmm... I thk got few cents... Gee... U comin oredi?
They have been nice to me leh, the boss I think. So far my fren and Ithe hdds buy from them nothing wrong, unlike best bargain. If hdd rma,can bring to them instead of factory also, which is nearer for meconsidering the factory is at changi. N their price is the lowest.
Ok
Ok tell u good news in morning
Dear reach home?
Nothin comes to my mind. Ü help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
What u doing today?
U didn't send me any emails leh. How i going to reply u? Haha.
Really?!
ll b 15 mins late... Sorry... Gee...
I've scheduled the payment for the extension at the end of this monthfor  <DECIMAL> , in line with previous payments.  Hope this is ok.:-)
Happy Diwali to you as well! :-)
Hey u reached home oredi?
Well thats excitong
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Yeap! Ohh I thought you were talking about my land training! Haha Igot it last time but I didn't know I received it o.o must be someonego open it!
On my way
Yeah
ve been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
LOL WHAT
0k np..
Hey Eric, we have the website from multiple comps at different timesin the past hour. Admin is working fine. Maybe its your ISP?
Hi.
Call you in 10 min
Yo your balloon sells for how much?
laogong xiao xin! kissss u ^O^, i luv u deep deep.
Ok great
U put outside odac rm? Go back alone?
>
Haha alright. Thanks.
Next stop!! LOL omg yuki too?? Haha I thought you had to travel to gofind them!!
Hey whats the website?
Oo. Icic. We inside le.:-)
Machan score eka plz.. :)
To go
What's up for Chris' birthday?
yes mdm! Lol... how can I let other pple touch my angel! Dun let u go again =p
:) yea :)
Why pon cca?
They have to do with things like optimal production and acousticsounds right? OT is dumb
Dnt knw?
What waste money.
Have a long meeting at 1.. later the better..
I wait EAGERLY for the Lord's help, and in his WORD i trust. I wait EAGERLY for the Lord, more eagerly than watchmen wait for the dawn. TRUST in the Lord, because his love is constant and he is always willing to save. He will save his people from all their sins. Psalm  <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day dear brothers & sisters IN CHRIST :-)
Tts y dun let then catch!
But we havent got da topic yet rite?
O.o wah like tat I 7 nid leave house lol.if the rest ok then jiu 9 lor.
Yupz... Me! U goin too?
i'll help u ask around, let u know about it if i can find.
Yeaaaaa
Wat ?
Okay
Hey you can pay. With salary de. Only  <#> .
Lols the stuff he didn't teach?
No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
Only leona and Shuhui noe me mah. Lucky e guys dunno me.
Can la morning fresher
Valentines offer! Recharge your MTS Mobile/Data card online and avail discounts on Flowers, Soft toys and much more. Offer valid on online recharge above Rs. <#>
Yup. Give me a call when you are ready.
Oh yay! Okay later I call bah! Busy now sorry!!
Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  <#>  dollars.
Me too I distressing
Okay eh later I think go queensway find you all bah.
Liar liar.
Wat time back?
At the fish shop with mom lor.
Eh conversion rate a bit lower, exact amt was  <DECIMAL> . I'm inschool until 4 I think.
LOL ARE YOU SERIOUS WHAT HW IS THAT I WANNA DO TOO LOL,I GOT A BLUEFORM FOR HELPING ROBIN SEOH CLEAR UP BIO BOTH DURING OPEN HOUSE HAHA
Bal
Umm could you get external helps then?
Loooove u sweety!! My dum dum hungry. I thin dum dum miss u. Muuacks.
This is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  <#>  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
Ummm now also can eh.
Ok
Here. My baobei bao bao until very comfortable lei. I so had awoonderful time with u too! Muggles. Bao bao more!
Bus no. msg karo pls...
Where u???
Lol nvm I go print then
Hi BOEZ,DREDZ,MOSES can intro pls?
Hahaha only Nokia has that!!!  Haha coz he jio me! Haha go soon!!!
Reach le.u coming?
Lol ryan. Sandwich not nice. It's expensive. $3 lehh. But anyway Ifound seatsle ^^
at first I told Ruyi I not going cause got lesson. But now lessoncancelled le, so I thought maybe I could go, but I dunno where? Haha
Okay then i reply him.
Might ax well im there.
Yeah it's that hard to get seats. Lol unless I go buy sandwich eh.
k
Ya i think it's the first rm. I think lec notes will be distributed.
I think we'll be ok working anywhere so just start work in the morning at school and move the board around
Hi
Coo
Hey, i do the spacing loh becoz i scare after spacing will affect eformatting. Then after that, i send to u to print? Can?
Sent it call after getting it
Ps can help my fren buy 1 more white? Thks a lot ar!
Haha I need your ic no, full name, emergency contact person andnumber. Shirt size too! Hahaha yeah budget enough.
Plz rply 1.ur birthday - 5th march  <DECIMAL> word u say most- thapad padegi 3.u lv- m0ney 4.u hate- indian g0vrnment 5.u r happy wn- i g0t sth new 6.ur qualties- apni tarif khud kaise kare 7.ur bad habit- i cnt say that  <DECIMAL> wrd about u- wana fly ab0v d sky
Yes, you?
Where u now
Hey HuiShan! Thanks for letting us know. Get well soon yea.....
Swami saranam.rchd sannidanam.now with a trvandrum gang..so net surfing?
I am working at NTUC INCOMe, the sell insurance one.. A buildingnear chijmes..I do admin stuff, v simple one.. Wat are u working as?
Feb- <#>
Happy birthday dude!
2 ppl. Den rained dam Sianz. Got chased by dog someone. Emo la
im nw dj at new dance club called M.O.S at prince edward link.shenton way, ex ntuc club, new club new buildin
Yoyo happy birthday! I hope you have a great day alright!!!! Sorryi'm not free to spend time with you today): another day k! <3!!!
Doesn't matter I'm just gonna play cooking mama...... =P
Hey! Happy birthday sir!  Eppadi irukkeengo?
Joby pls call
Haha I believe deidara wont rip until gaara is dead.
Hmmm... Green? So wat does it mean....
Got a new study for mno subj pool! Haha.
Please ask mummy to call father
Katarni chura pe dahi or chini ki bochar , udi patang or aa gaibochar , mubarek ho apko makarshakaranti ka tuhar . Wish u happy DAHICHURA.
Yea all of that, plus jap1, so 6 altogether.
ur progress slow? exam comin soon, must concentrate ah.. faster finish ur tut first thn watch tv la..
Hmmmm...:-)
Yeap..
Cny got use bike or not? Mon or tue night wanna go pump?
Economical rice. Got new tanks for my fishes.
Hlw earth..i'm fine n wba u?.. Nw cn u gv me ur full intro?..
Haha. U think? Actually I also dunno. I generally dun like this kindamusic anyway. Like those u hear in elevators
Yeah that's why shiok mah. Now no rain le.
Please start without me. Only leaving school now.
Lmao I donno.
Ok... But bag again..
Yea...ok...i need to get the win 7 cd from u tho...tonite can?
Haha tell her ah! ahh no no its fine to dao!(:
Truman , pse tell Joe tks uncle tonyJo, will see u at  <DECIMAL>  today ..do remember to take phone cardfrom me..dad
Caw
Haha really meh? I rather sprint when I swimming then, swimming canreally feel the burn de, v v shiok! Cp can't sprint properly coz i'mtoo noob ok
Give me a sec to think think about it
Left half lo. Eh 2moro I going try DB le!
Later confirm with you again eh. Maybe earlier lol.
Haha yeah take care too. :-D
cannot . i dont have it with me now
Dont be nervous for tmr's performance alright!
Sup how u going back
Dar end le ma?
Do not disturb
Oh its on espace
Then you think it's wow?
Yes.he have good crickiting mind
In town what.... I anything. Where you want? United square also have, forum and tamp.
Dun wan tan?
Now*
Can you put another day? As said no one will be around on Thursdayand your guys cannot get in.
Haha yeah they came home! Haha return blazers! Haha idm! Can waituntil aft lunch??
m taking cab from home to meet her now..last min email.
Not tues.U cn decide btwn wed n thrus.
Headed back
Whch bus u r?
Where? And with who?
Soon
Not at night la. Morning!
hmmm.. wats ur skype
No idea eh. I see how first bah.
THe doc says at least a wk before can liao. U shld take also coz other kinds of flu will come sg only not as serious but betta to be vaccined
Haha let's do? I need to submit research plan to verlyn woo! Just mether today! Ohh and need your that form haha! We just do our proceduresand protocol in that format? Ps just decided to wake up HAHA.
t u juz give me ur intro 1st plzZz...
I'm at arp ._.
Haha thanks.
Yellow ribbon prison run rank  <#> . Time  <TIME> : <#> . Wads urs
James, Chris, and Conor... do you remember any of their last names?
What! What movie? Haiyo take so long to decide!
What??? U got laid?
Haha. Okay okay. I'll print  <#>  then.
Ungal anivarukum enadu iniya puthaandu nalvaalthukal! :-) ........ (copy rights MR)
Ya, had my dinner le :) you? Otw home?
Okay!
Hey u returning 2day?
!!! Power la!
Jus now go out in subtlety a lot ppl laugh. We took video dam joke
Having dinner at jurongpoint?
Northside.. elaborate later
Hmmm... Waitress or somethin, lk work in cafe... Telemarketin oso can lor...
Thanks and wish you the same
Hey can we meet at 4pm instead. Paiseh.
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite & sweet dreams
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
K
The schools you have called previously.
re done so soon?
Yo d, I printed your thing le! Btw, can help me see if my Tiomanbooklet is at home? The cover page is a setting sun I think! If cannotfind then nvm bah but would be good to have! thanks!
After running Lo. Where u wanna eat
OK. Hvn't seen one in ma life..small city guy u kw
Yep! Can help to find articles for our handouts? Thks!
Wha still wan 2 buy cake. 1 whole cake or jus slice? 4 of us can finish mah? Orchard got quite a lot of shop.
Oh god I hope you're okay
In room?
Acer is indeed wd inside and just now all of them were at it fair, not in sch.
I hate ppl who are late. Going home now...
Okok
soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
Hmm.. what's it about.. I type one ar?
Hmmm... Shld b can la... Got any buses?
ya not veri good lor....
If i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
ok loh... next time then
Can u com to arasamaram(place) now?
I dont know oh. Hopefully this month.
Hi Andreu, good morning! V r at homagama. Did u talk 2 anna? May God bles u.
Lol okie... we shall buy food to last u for 1 week tis time =p...
lol
haha.. left early meh? i thot u left earlier than me.
Haha coz i always sleep in:P yup I am planning my day!
Yup okay
m on the bus now... Prob abt 10 more mins...
It's impossible. I drinking frm my bleeding tongue already
No..ivle...winston say google docs not working very well...so now goback to use ivle workbin...label the date and time when u update thedocument lor...
HUH YOU ALL BATHED ON THE BROWN WATER? OH MY GOODNESS. YEAH AS IN NOMORE DAYS WITH 2 EXAMS.
I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
where are you
Ok. Thanks
Wah serious. Lidat die die cannot late.
ka
Okay set when u on MSN tell me
Is ok:-)  actual day can go out again.
Office aa rahi hai kya?
Waa shiok... No sch?
Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
Hey, I go lunch first. Tell me where're u all. Thanks.
Ok.... nothing to do... clear leave ma.
<#>  top up.
Most definitely. You mean my messages?
Entry proof. LOL. I have to get dress I think, it says knee length dress......
ve reached sch already...
Okay la.. Recovering..
Far away from main road.
Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
u taking onli 1 UE right?
sharis,r ü able to meet me tmr to pay me back é 25bucks?I am quite broke..Hee..Sorry..
Lol I seriously doubt that.
Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
Haha! Call me now, chat awhile before I go sleep! :P haha slap youcan sleep on the streets!
Chinese ...
Hi.summa only.
Lols okay nvm
Hey...you went to singapore?
Sch skorts?? I dun know omg!
<DECIMAL> pm like that loh. My lecture won't take the full 2 hrs.
i in svhool but waiting for ben.. meet u at holland v
Walking there liao. Five mins
please wait for the minute
Only slightly lah! In sg I mean! Hahaha why never tell me!!
haha.. btw.. i go bathe.. maybe call ya later? wat time u sleeping then?
Nope eh. Leong keep delaying
Ur naggy lg asking yeiyei lp darling chooooou baobao to eat lunch.
I feel sleepy. Good nite. May God bles u. Miscal when in room.
Also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week I have a new bong >:(
i am on bus 65.. coming. 2 more stops
Taking nap lorr. You?
Yush
Kiss my yeiyei kiss my yeiyei kiss my yeiyeiiiiii! At marsling le
Oh noooo. I forgot about it tooo. Haha meet tmr?
What's your matric number
Any place?
Hey dad, would you be able to read something for me?
K
Der
Joey: HAI YOGI
Ok
i wanna kill people already
Woohoo I'm wearing the shirt you gave me :-) anyway why u sohappening just went korea then wanna go Europe lol
walking ovrr
Gave!
Ohh.. I heard australia is good lah. Haha. I don't intend to travel.U going with your sch mates?
Me very hungry... Ü come down faster lei...
I'm busy right now. I'll call you later.
kyya
???
And one important impact is it brought about more use for internet,which led to alot of creations and communication platform
Oei, rmb to send me the ppt. Haha. I just saw u and yammy.
5 la I tink. Meet simei  <DECIMAL> pm?
i will be joining u all later after my meeting..
As usual la... Guys will of cos lk she, cos they cute cute ma...
Haha hopefully slack ah! Apparently we have changes compared to yours!
ll read it tmr... Makin cookies now... Tt stupid joselyn suddenly cancel her hsewarmin, makin cookies 4 her halfway... Haiz...
I hope you arnt pissed off but id would really like to see you tomorrow. Love me
Haha dun need come to sch bah, my dad fetching me home! (:
Okay noted.
Whee flight. Bye!
Reach? Reach where lol
Customer place, i wil cal u sir.
Dar I go bathe first. Rr:-) dun slp too late llk
Hmmm ok.which question the link can we use it for??
now found fifty ringgit... maybe can find better stuff later
She got relative visit house lol she say if not enuff ka then she play...
This s my nw no.pls update- Thanujah
Oh? Okay!
Frm yest bball. Serious ar where? Aft tt do wat
Sent
configure oredi la...
Orh! My girl go ear something.
Eh 7 I think. You going so early?
Thanks, my girl.
ok see ya.
<EMAIL> ,  <EMAIL>
How much she payed. Suganya.
wah, so good
At the bus stop waiting for  <#> . Sorry... u do some questions first?
Thik hai
"Life is nothing wen v get everything". But "life is everything wen v miss something ". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng
Haha then buy Eskimo lah lol... haha I sign up for u first vary thenlater u dun want can cancel
Haha shucks! I dun know): how leh:/ I shall call Sophie tell her bah!
want to see moive ?
Np love ya
reach le
Faint ~
Hee. Ok!! Later dun sleep too late. I go take a shower first. And Istill want to thank my dear for always being so patient withme.muacks*:*:*:*:*:*:*
Haha like  <#>  mins I think haha ooo I feel like taking a nap too!
Ok wat dad's car broke down or smth.
No need we finished the porridge already. Quite full.
Yeah the lady not even in the office haha she just ask me go into my cluster!
No! dbsk coming to sg!!!!!
U GOIN OUT 2NITE?
Finally finally finally finally finally pass my driving.....
Yeap...
Anything.
Haha that is wat I tink lah not really arga arga arh.. it say bestrepresented arh so a difference of  <DECIMAL>  is better. Than<DECIMAL>
Hmmm... okay!
Eh really Bo bao got.tat time start of this sem I format laptop for <#> .then realise din backup all the previous school stuff.if my cute Mac at home Bo then really lost.haha.u taking service science meh.
Nooo guy la. Lols den too bad can't meet at ubin le
Where u now??
Wot?
ll pass u e notes nxt mon cuz got cca wk tmr.. Dunno if possible to meet...
donot be angry with friends
hi dan. need your help with 3240. drop me a msg when you are free.
FOR ME,My wife trying to talk back to me on what i believe is really NOT ACCEPTABLE disappointing and really sad.you WERE fortunate to have me.
Rmb to take hui yee's proj ar. Haha.
K
Ohhh. If you wanna go for that thing then I will go too.
So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
Noo i'm a good pig!
Haiz.. Nothing in my mind at e moment.. So bored, at least u got tv to watch.
Boo
I seemed calm but I was a little annoyed. Okay then take the time you need to cool down and think it through. I will wait.
Ok thks :)
Omg I didn't bring home leh._. I very lazy to do:/
. I miss my childhood days! MAHA BODHI? BODHI TREE? WU YOU WU LU? E LAUGHTERS, E FRIENDS, NOTHING 2 HIDE..
Are you online
Nvm then. I helping out at open jse
Vali pinnudhu!:-(
Who me?
will you like to be spoiled? :)
Ohh okayyyyyy what can we do!!!
I'm at your dorm
Good morning.
Don't know leh. Maybe his office bah.
Okay.
tks!
What really!!!! ):):):
Go yh house
Oh my slap! I just saw your long sms about teban! Hehe you are goingto get poked and tickled! Hahaha so evil about your sis thing! how canlike that, she's still part of the family what! I dun get it, how didyou keep the house? I dun dare stay there hahaha>< no no it's okay dunneed move! I'm happy as it is haha! They bojio me coz I didn't gotraining haha:P no choice le next week onwards I have to go! Omg nowhy do you have a sore throat>< drink more water!!!!
So 2moro how?
Both timing i can't leh. How abt fri 9 or  <#> am?
Power!!!....i get b+...u tikam last 5 qn oso get a-...power la...haha...
Im actually quite pissed wif myself cos i gained lots of weight too recently. So im jogging everyday.... Hee, whole weekend use for exercise ah...
Hi guys, I spoke to Arti. Is 8pm today a good time to meet?
hehe... lect got so many ppl, u c her everytime meh
It's alright haha managed to borrow from someone else! Thanks anyway!!
then, come back more often to c grandma when u r free, take care...
Ok. So c u at cine.
Sharis... Wait for me hor... Am coming...
Kk..
Ur mom wanna play? Haha
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
K..k..any special today?
Can we meet at 3pm? I am sick.. going to see a doctor
I liked the picture
Nolah i know u all if got updates surely will inform me automaticallybut my grp mate wanna compile the list of contact pple so that's why iasked u.
Keeping my fingers crossed!
No more. It's about three yrs old.
Yes oh.
YES TERRIBLE
We go out eat?
Bhai kare kya.. Kal me ajmer chale jaunga
Yup.
He remains a bro amongst bros
Haha still got royston and probably more next year.
Never send the credit card. I've already two.
Yo tmr astro got overnight ob eh. But you can come down for activityif you are free. :-D
Please send me by tonight. Thks
hope to see u again
Game ah?
LOL WHAT THE
hee. ok. love u bblg! slp longer~ nite nite. i call u abt ten thirty :p
Haha.. Okie lor... Busy with tuition. Lol...
Lol that's good. You are eligible for commando. Same as me.
Do you have Ruby's# ?
Orh ok...
Haha riesling? Jacob's creek? Sound so familiar.
Oh yes yes all right.let me try asking my friend
And carrots and pears?
Lol ya happy cny too.u must eat moreeee so after tat can burn away doing ipt.lol.
Hahaha okay where in bugis got stickies!
K..i deleted my contact that why?
Are you feeling well? have to school? On my way going back. take care
I just send u all an email but u all don't reply or forward ar. Becozinside i got bad mouth scrum sim. Wah. Nowadays, i know u all cannotkeep secret one, i've to be more careful.
Just got outta class gonna go gym.
All just fooling me
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
Bro why do i gt prob in synch0nzng?.. What symbl is to b used + or - whle syncrzng
Yeeeep. And other banks won't let me do checks to cash or anything
come bro.. i'm online
ok..
Ya im calling the participants already.
lec over. come to d lab 
nadee
Hahas where?
I need details!
Lol.
All ok. GBU
Hi. Can you send me the soft copy of the text book. Does it have appendix sections?
ll come after lunch then...
Yea v near. Lols wad doing u? Later I try online
No,cos i din get an a for gp last yr.If yr work is making ü tired,ü shld quit asap. Find a less taxing job. Ü will have more time to go out too...  :)
Oh is it! Which brand?
Oh i had a talk with him today. He said he dont need the system fornow. Probably after chinese new year then purchase. If i got queriesthen i contact you again bah. :-)
Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
I am thankful muacks! just saying it's ur fault in a good way. Goodluck tmr!!! Sleep early!!
Ok ok.,B-)
Please Make decision whether you are going back tomorrow
Monday nite not staying. Tues morning go back
What did they do?
Hey so mei haven got e frame huh... Do we nd to get it den?
Hey ps will be slightly late!
Coming today?
Yea enjoy while we can
Lixian; yeah only nxt wheels damn sian
Nope, no cards, we can do that if you want/can... I don't really haveplans tonight, but ugghhh library
Kahan hai?
dear i go bathe first,u might nt reach me when u call later.hee
N Fukin S
re at e green room at e end of e lib.
Did either of you have any idea's? Do you know of anyplaces doing something?
Hee... Me free so any day go also can. U ask shuhui. Or can go cut hair or take photo also.
Haha ok arh tml then decide as usual lol... Woot! Tml is Friday howcan go home sleep so early! Lol
Hi guys, gentle reminder:  <#>  meeting at biz Canteen
i think we can write a draft 1st b4 we meet then can work on it when we meet.
<DECIMAL>
Yeah tmr is house activities! Haha I think got more than half comelah! Hahaha just woke up?
Lol so random. Haha
How ya doin' sweetie. ;)
So out of the num of bidders, 3 are zhi ji ren. Haha. Okay. Anythingupdate me again! Thanks.
Hey, we need mailing lists for 1. Full team, 2. Guys who came today.Anything else?
m gona b late too...
LOL PAINT ME A PICTURE
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU & I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people & u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
Love you aathi..love u lot..
Wednesday.
Okay.
Northside.. elaborate later
Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
Perhaps.  My life right now is quite unpredictable but sure lets try for it.
LOL DO SAD HAHA
Mimi40 u now working or studying?
Wen is ur return train?
Yei yei!! I on  <#>  back home le. Hee. Kisses for you! Later call uwhen I reach home.
Woke up quite late. Studied korean then went out to eat then playedgames and exercised.
Can I?
Okay. Gonna print out the research plan form? Apparently the adultsponsor form is supposed to be filled up by her.
Should be can lah
sure
You still there?
Hey I got the stuff from your lab. Thanks and thanks again for the files. Haha!
I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew
Em, its olowoyey@ usc.edu have a great time in argentina. Not sad about secretary, everything is a blessing
Sure da:)
Nolah if can break, break it nicely who to reach which 4 lah.
Work xP sup?
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we didnot sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."- Anne Bradstreet
s alright then, thanks! Am just being kaypoh by asking arnd for a fren... Haha...
Busi Boy! Wru nw?
Alright im on my way.
Ok...I mean its not that i hav anything to hide u know...Anyway all my friends think e same of me...Dunno y u can pick all e weird things abt me.
The omnia 2
s lect 25?
Yeah they are ok :-)
I know, but I already am on mrt
Me 26, male, msg my hp now
Hey you know who's mengyong?
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  <DECIMAL> . Your Vodafone-Bihar prepaid account balance is Rs  <DECIMAL> . Your Transaction ID is BR <#> .
Seriously, the first result which came to my mind was  <#>  lastnight. It was hard to defend against barce with  <#>  men. It was evenharder to defend against barce with  <#>  men. Bounds back this sat atold trafford! COME ON!!!
MY BRO ACCEPTED HAHAHA
== why so kaobei
Hi livia, sorry just saw ur msg this morning, just to inform u i din go to sch today cos i fall sick... Maybe i will drop by tomolo or friday..
No bfast.  Doing some filing now... Have a good day.
Yea smart!
Ok ji waise mje matter pata nai tha kuch so me kisike side nai:-D.. Aur btaiye ap single ho ya married%-)
Around  <#>  perhaps?
Give me 3mins i call u in my office.
I tink is the Japanese school de since the alight there.  Shiok now can go slp
Ok just tired
Oh u not going home? Wat time can go Oo
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:Ganesh.cell;;;;
TEL;CELL: <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Wha ur piano sch got thief ah. Dont brood over it lah, think abt wat new phone 2 buy. Since ur one got prob also, its telling u 2 buy a new one.
No the season 3 is ltm.
aathi..where are you dear..
ok can.
I think  <#> th but better settle this early
Me alone going 4 luch lor... My crazy sis dun wan 2 eat... Left me alone, so sian...
haha.. kk.
Info
Ah no it's okay le hahahaha thanks!
Sianz no one here!
hee! kiss u! muggles
Hi.
Yeah i told them already
Wah seh the spelling totally off leh. Haha. Ya, u're right.
We will be there at  <DECIMAL> ..
see you tom
My dad bought lor haha!
Orhhhhh.shift other day leh.haha.or got see Feng shui 1 cannot anyhow shift.lol.
Ok tear, see u on tuesday den, ahahas. Mayb we can meet up in the morning n go down 2gether
Lol nice one must use vs to netherswap or smth
Haha okay ^^ you sound like sophie gan:P about the staying fit part:Pand the dun want play part sounds like me during comp! XD
Me in back of chit
when will you be home
Pardon
So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
LOL HAHAHA I WONDER HAHAHA! PAISEH I ATE LIAO HAHAHA I WENT DOWN AT<#>  HAHAHA!
Seriously! But it'll be the first assignment I haven't completed, so                              not too bad.
Hahaha omg sophie!!!!! So blur!!! Friend i'm late for sch!!!
At home...
He is world famamus....
Stupid chicken rice la T.T Yup need spam banana 2moro. 2day go buffeteat 2 bowls porridge.. Emo max
Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
Hee coz my yei yei so nice give me reminder. Muacks
Hey... R u free tmr? Wan to go for a movie? Cöz me not workin tmr... =5
Please don't call me again . I am fade up with your arguments.
Okay.
Where r u ah?
Hey... So wat u doing? Me in camp doin duty
Lols den Mon morn lo
Ok
Anyway, if u all don't have other things to do other thab validation,can start to integrate into xy's latest code. When i reach in half anhr time, i can also integrate le n at the same time help on thevalidation.
Nuuu playing mj haha...
Poke u!! Hee. Mug mug. Now we going to drink bubble tea.
Okay... So where shall i meet ü all?
Violyn can you give me your phone number. So i can sms direct to you. Because more cheaper.
They usually cut lk my sis kind lor, u can tell em wat u wan... Hmmm, den u thk abt it lor, but msg me k...
Not sure. Might.
Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
sorry for not answering your telemarketing calls earlier
Nope... Will b bz packin my luggage... Goin aust 4 hols...
Roshni here..msg wen u get bus.u know which ones cum via chertla?
Okay thks
Audrie lousy autocorrect
Hello are you ok ?
Haha tat time I 4 pm buy have lo hope later have also lol.... wa manytest sianz... Woot $ <#> +.. u wanna buy de short always so ex de lol
Nvm la we using washing machine tonight
kk, that's what i thought too. btw, i think one of ur slides,"interactively" shld b "interactivity"
Ok I wait for u. Call me when done
Can help me to ask sth at bukit badok?
Paiseh! I watching movie
Lol oh ya your entertainment is short or long. Lol maybe I need to domy work eh. Oh ya gotta let you know first. If weather is awful, Iwill call it off eh.
Okay. Thanks!
Hey shwetu, am going back home. Have work. Will catch you tomorrow..get well soon! :-)
Hey, we'll be meeting on mon 3pm for IS consulting. I'll tell u whatto prepare via email. If i didn't, u remind me okay? Then for MNO, uwork out a date with gaowei and then ask me n sylvia. Thanks.
He won't tank la. He will aggro rite
Wah my phone got problem. Only got ur sms now. Eh what time huh, the xmas?
LOL that one tekong can train out le.
hi. i finish everything i need to do already. what are you doing? having lunch?
I tot we walking?
<EMAIL>
Lol okay. This wil be your secret mission.
Ok.. thanks. Just rest if u really can't take it. I'll just brush upwhat's left later. Hopefully I shld be able to touch up on it. Takemedicine?
For participants
Ok.
m not free...
No pic. Please re-send.
Kaha ho Aj kal?
Then meet 130 jubilee.
Hey all the best for your bio paper later... !
m drinkin lor...
<R>
Haha. Okay then. I don't think tg wanna go too. I ate le but i can acc u.
He wants to meet you also? Hmm OK. Will call at 7
Ahh I just woke up.
Tml, 2pm at ion...orchard mrt stn..
Ya have le ... Sianz
Got study asp or jsp...
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
Nope at queensway. Hmm,got alot of ans in e bk. Hee- but i din double check-hopefully got no careless mistakes. But  advance hard rite-my collegeue fail 4x
She like u said anything but she free till 9 plus only.
Yea tink so too. But at least u will enjoy. Got 3 more sessions to train :D
forget it not interested
I sick lo..Not feeling well then today take mc la..Hehe...
Tmne cl kiya tha?
Can you make sure Wahni doesn't bolt the main door? Thanks!
Lol aww okay. Commandos more zai (y)
To kya metleb tha.
Art
Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
Is there night training this week? (:
So li hai... Me bored now da lecturer repeating last weeks stuff waste time...
HAHAHA THAT WAS A NICE ONE:D
Where is e place ah? Not at heeren? Okie then.. Cya!
Ehh when are you handing it up?
Haha k
Today i cant come there bcoz i have to study the yesterday class de. Its very tough portions de.
Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls.
Nai chal raha?
Hi alan, about assignment A <#>  which starts on  <#>  aug  <#> pm,I'm having difficulty because my school timetable is just out and Ihave lesson at  <#> pm every Friday. Kindly call me when you are freeso we can discuss about it.
Aiya!!! Hee. Tml bsobao u
<EMAIL>
Haha :P is it okay if we hang out until like 9 plus, then I go visit my mum?
Hycc? ,oo?:-P aha im :'(
Okie :) what time you going over? If you want, I can buy dinner over to her place?
K
Pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
No not meetin them. Finish at 0715
Hey i managed to book the 1245 lesson on friday too?
main bata nai sakta bohat darawna tha
I said u shut up.
Singh 4,zah 1,ish 1:)
WOT U UP 2 J?
Iiii am planless lol
I loveeee u my wifey bblp
Do u have $ <#> I could borrow? Doc wants me to get a pelvic ultrasound on Monday and Mark doesn't get paid til Friday and mom said she's broke.
Hee.. morning my boy!! You are also my #1. Go get more sleep k? :*:*
han
Yeah what movie what time?
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Hi all, I will be late at least  <#>  mins.  AS6 air con also out oforder. Will call when I arrive. Sorry!
gt gal frens interested to do survey job on this sun,5pm to 830pm? Let me know asap.Can earn abt $10 per hour
i left early last nite coz i was quite affected by all e uni stuff ü guys kept talking abt.also,i feel tt li en,gen,weiyi ñ ü dun have much2 talk abt..=(
Haha alright.
Never tell me whereee
Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
No use f forcing me...
2 mbps..wats urs?
Ohhh
Yeah, that's why I was asking for clarification
Same!!!
Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
Yup... I dont mind... Why?
That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
Eh go in lo.
Doin fine... Slackin now... Wat abt u?
Can return me 100 this month?
Mis u da
Open letterbox!
Der
kkie..cya tml
k.its all fate..
Got caught in the rain. Waited half n hour in the bus stop :/
Hey where u
Baobei u can help me print dong dong? My ivle community is <#>  gotone ppt uploaded by me.
ps.. phone no batt. u enjoy ur DATE bah.haha.
How much for an eighth?
Haha okayy
Eh Gautham going jalan besar, can collect the al. U got the invoice?
Then Colin say he is ok if I meet u all from the house
Okay. She said can.
hows ur life, bro
Dear I go my favorite toilet
Yup. Both. As in client side form validation.
Have u graduated?
Din bita raat aayi Sone ki ab baat aayi,Jab ja rahe the sone ko  Tab Aapki yaad Aayi,Socha band karne se pahle light,  Aap se bol du .G <#> D NIGHT
Oh it needs gravel ah?
Ok
I am only employing the very same logic used by people to justify murder & mayhem caused by the Maoists.
Haha what!:P ooo feeling better? Haha! You're going to get pokedinstead! Yay haha! Revise more! ^^
Haha.. where u put
Tmr if u finish lesson first, u contact gaowei loh. He more eng. Haha.
Just dropped em off, omw back now
Lewis
And Sunethra emailed Arrchana
Agreed but this is the city that shut down transit totally on July 4
Haha okay lah, I think the company mattered the most:P hahaha soyou're about to reach home le right! (: I just finished bathing! Wheego pack your stuff and sleep! Have lots of fun in chalet!
Haha call when you're done then! I tried to paint my toe nailsorange, but omg looks so fail!
m out too, if not can check e net...
Ok hee
I'm not at home.
Okay. I just checked email,we dont.have to attend.morning assembly.
Yesterday I chose already lols
So is sydney fun?
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
Dinner at home?
Okay lols I go gym now ttyl
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Tues can go in the morning. Yea got signature le.
no job leh.nw at mdm won leh.haha
Happy journey.
Sch reopen 2nd day jiu see jye ying liao leh. Haha. She carries a bigblack longchamp bag leh. Is it?
No la I didn't do. Must be uncle tk I think. Can see the distinctive style.I retire already la. Not going to be involved :)Ya look like!
Ok. I am reach office. see you tomorrow and cal you tonight.
Later my daddy coming to fetch me;)
Where do I go when I reach there?
Nice. Pay  <DECIMAL>  right?
As in to put your souvenirs! Haha! So how's your trip to west mall!
K da
Hey ask unna if she has plsql.i nd it urgently
X2  <#> . Are you going to get that
Hee! I think we msg at thesame time hee! Will get home safe de!
Sorry
Yo today can mahjong mah
In class
U should have asked ur question earlier!
Ok
When will u b back... Cos we goin  to sch at 1230...
Lols Sry manz bout 8 reach hostel :/ go train
Vivien says okay!
G*n
Haha... Meet at 1230... Then can sleep longer
Dar dar now doing the prayer .. y leh?
Can you get them to fix ASAP? As our rental is still not negotiatedto be extended. Thanks! Please tell Alicia when exactly the pieces areto be installed.
Oh gei. That happend to me in tron. Maybe ill dl it in 3d when its out
yes
Hahaha alright im all prepared.
Yup I am. This friday please tell qiuxuan come for astro. You too.Gotta show you all da draft proposal. But still need you all toinclude details.
Hey you on your way?
Oh dammit u were right... it's  <#>  for both! How did I see wrongly sia
I want to go centro on tues next. Got les night but age limit 21 n they r strict bout it... mich told me she wanna go embargo leh
But I tot game theory more fun since its more like probabilty
Cdoin
Okay (: hmm what should I wear ah!
Lol?! Study still fail ar
Got go ivle vote A <#>  anot? Haha.
buy newspaper...
It's the Torr family talking about penises :P
Hahahaha okayy
Thanks!
What is this sms?i dint sms and was sleeping.either mol or amma must have sms'd.what the bloody hell is the sms.who asked you to bloody suffer?
Hey sorry, running a bit late.. will come in  <#>  mins. Please start
Sweet! I'll come outside!
Yo start work le mah?
What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
I know np but np so big. Haha
K k:)
Send me yetty's number pls.
Lol at least u got a laugh
Machan plz look into Dinusha's call.. She didnt call me..
Haha yeah she was going on and on about how short I am:P it finallyended! I'm walking back to sch now with sophie (:
Waise iske liye try karu to kya tu aa skta hai kal?
Hi Ing Cheong, do you have time Saturday or tomorrow evening after<TIME>  to come up to our place at 4 verde crescent to help us selectcurtains? Thanks.
YO! morning pigdings!
Haha wah didnt know you extort so many koi from so many people.
Oh no :(.
Wa power.. that is super long lol... bedok  <#> ? I tot u say dunwant cos recently got go lol... haha true... sat! Hope dun rain lol
yo I just realized the mattress won't fit in a van and we need tomove fast on the  <#> st.. I think we should rent a van just that day
Oh right! Do you want me to help you do your file?
Kk wait for u at stairs entrance
chap 5 mason rule tak ha na?chap 4 derivation kis page per ha?
Xplain
uni
Hi Yeng Chin, thanks. My IC is  <#> g
hi.. didnt know u hav that name.. hee
nai...addi vi anni nai pai
Ya. Leaving school soon
where u? wat time wan fetch u?
:-) thanks for your help!
Eh jos... Mei not free on sat...afternoo she cant, den evening i cant...
Might not be going. I dont know either. Shouldnt have came back today if I am not going to that meeting tmr. Okay anything you wanna do tmr?
Yeah D= D= D=
Hahahaha@jawad
Haha no wonder! Haha yeah similar right! yeah hope my phone not beingstupid or anything, then I just wait for your sms!(: you won't be ableto sms in the day right!
Thee bathtub guys can comes anytime this week, preferably onwednesday. As for the painter, just let me know.  Also I still needthe color scheme for the house from you for my records.  Finally, howabout the other items?  Thanks
Haha class havent start eh. Im still chionging assignment.
Date my mum! Haha.
Hi hi (: you might have to wait awhile sorry! Hehao's not there yetand Chester hasn't replied me!
I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
No idea eh. 7?
Chou baobei! U reached home already?
Is zhen xi me! Lol... nobody ask u do it lol... ya true lol... thenmust try to sleep! If not later u will be super tires
Think u having e post-attach syndrome (like me hahh)..relax lah..just enjoy e feeling of having somebody dote on u n reciprocate e feeling if u can..
Still a little sleepy. ? Work hard, my diligent boy. Love.
Wtf??
Are. No joke
Think my mum is working
Katarni chura pe dahi or chini ki bochar , udi patang or aa gaibochar , mubarek ho apko makarshakaranti ka tuhar . Wish u happy DAHICHURA.
Seems like nobody else gg early lol. A bit extra sia.
Nayae..
(:
Haha yay okay ^^ hmm surprise me? With what!!(: hahaha yeah restarting!
hmm. so the hysys u can use alr?
"Vision without execution is just hallucination." - Henry FordLast day of exams!! Jyjy!!
Hahaha I dunno! But v funny you keep owning him XD haha maybe! I dunno :P
Lol I love the nanny.
Meaning before  <#>  lo that is early le!
No da.
s work? Another relaxing day at work? Jealous? ?
I think I'll just come for the talk ba, if I can finish my work on time..
Aw,go watch with someone else lor.
Dear, missing you...
Mayb can make it
Dear. Can get charger female u?
Haha chase her out! Yeap ecology with my biochem teacher! Must rmb itah, dreams are difficult to rmb one! Zzz my seatmates ask me payattention so they can study chem...
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
S:-):)
Cant u rply
Ok. Confirm meet at warren at  <TIME> .
So tmr meet u at 1015 outside somerset mrt k...
m Chinese, jobless aged 58
I see 1st k?
Michael this time
OK.
TEC CSE B PLACEMENT: The placement season has started and our class "size ma" SHIBI CHAKKARAVARTHY is the first person to get placed (in SYNTEL) . . . I sincerly state that syntel is lucky to get a talented person like shibi . . I wish all the best to shibi on behalf of my class members. :) have a great career shibi!!! With love, GHILLI (SARAVANAKUMAR)
Eh I'm stuck in rain right now Lol. Probably going yih first ba. U ggstr8 to mpsh?
If got go ily or play mj call me, I go take a nap.
Evryone
Ermm fri? Hee
They haven send yet. I started on creationism vs evolution. So u canjus send me the points the show why more and more ppl believe inscience. Statistics too
Hey xin... Wat time u wanna go tmr...
Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...
Hi ppl! Let's meet at 4pm in sch to chiong powerpoint haha :) thankss!
Neh didnt go. But I roughly know where it is liao.
Okay let me nap another  <#>  mins!:P
Oh no I am having Chinese now
Reaching?
Hahaha it's for the upcoming helpers and gls.
Chia heng, pls update me on e meetup ya. I won't reply to your email liao.
Can leh. Nolah  <#> . Haha.
Y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
Steamboat.
Those who ve already got this msg, kindly ignore t... Register for carpe tshirt by paying  <#>  to me... Teeshirts compulsory..pay t on or before tomorrow...kindly reply..
Sheesh sorry for e late reply.Tot sent it liao.Lucky got report function.
Please reply to Rohan's email as soon as possible.. we would like alist of people who are coming for the meeting so we can plan for itaccordingly.
I actually sent you that abt  <#> mins ago.. Lol.. I reach home le..
Sure. What time will it be convenient for u?
Wahhs >< haha set!(: haha yeah coz that way to hostel nearer fromstaffroom! Haha if there are clothes I don't wear its unlikely I willwear it ever! Haha we went to poke fishes!! Haha okay!
Ah not participants hhahaha
Will one of you guys take out chickkkeeennnn?
Haha yeah nv bring lappy to ah ma house?
Poke!
P
Are you still getting the goods.
Walking back now
Fetching daddy?
Huh u still doing yest tut... I tot u finish liao... U v slow leh...
He has. It says  <#>  at the bottom
Hey can meet  <DECIMAL>  instead? I'll be abit late..
Haha nope to work.
Haha yup!
ok
That'd, dammit
am busy right now
ya all core. consulting dunno yet. i need to checl my moduleplanning.. bt my com nt wif me nw. haha. y u drpp soa
Did u go SSG today?
Reachin yishun. Nv watch
s ok...
Okay thanks! (:
Hi Auyong, will check now on our schedule and get back to youshortly. :-)  thanks!
Thats nice.. We'l go nxt week
take care
Okay got space anot? I go find u if have.
I see xP
Andy dont wait for me. ill be at cinamon around  <DECIMAL>  bring both day 2 n banners..
Oh awesomeee!! :D phew! Was great fun today... see you soon! :-)
I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
Welcome!
Where are you? Im reaching.
Is it cos u asked them for the auditorium? Ucc has no recital studioas far as I know
So bad conditions.
Nai he bhai stmps
Iodoform results in isomers meh
Ya no later going out eat.
Haha okay sorry sorry are you angry with me ><
Today i woke at  <DECIMAL>  for musa's paper. Gn. Im also getn sleepy
STOP
Go to the Apollo Hospital emergency unit B3 and meet with Jibon.
Then how? Which mod did u take?
Q <#>
home already
Ok. Make sure you wash your mouth when you reach office... Have a good day at work.. Loving you.
Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
Fab and jason ok. U wad time will reach home.
Ok! I reach sch at  <#> !
Idk. Bout  <#>  to  <#>
Okok. Wat time is the retest
Oh sucks okay>< sorry sorry!!!!!
Ok then i come n pick u at engin?
Hey! There was some crazy traffic from the rain, but I'm here now
Hey you wanna swim tmr?
How to go frm bishan mrt
Haha!! I say say only usually I dun do de:P unless I know the personcan take jokes haha! Ooo hahaha i'm not that old!!!! Ahh i'm notdude!! Hahaha but i'm fat so not that chibi! :D haha it's okay not toreply!
Haha thurs is baking but I dunno if I wanna go coz it's at changi ._.Fri is gm! Haha idm! But is it weird if i'm there? Hahaha oh no damnembarrassing I dun think I have been this malu with anyone elsebefore!!
Yeah should be free at  <#> h
Haha yeah I did! :P hahaha okay (: going to woodlands now!
HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW
Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
Ohh no sorry wait awhile!!
Omg no swype
eh..  <DECIMAL> . heheh.
No,before dinner. Going there with my mum.
Yo, you around? Just got my car back
Anything eh. Im still in sch.
Haha. Ok la. U try lor. Still prefer gong cha.
Can u send me already?
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Chuma
good bye
Going down now.
I lov e you 2 babe, good morning and sweet dreams ;)
how are you?
Hey ps will be slightly late!
Its good to hear from you
I guess so
DayshowChargersClean ovenBring bag to commencementBlanketstuffed animal
Hi Ricky, the shop's number is  <#>   <#> .  They will be deliveringthe four water heaters tomorrow afternoon.  Three are  <#>  liters,and one is  <#>  liters.  Please help install the  <#>  for the masterbath on the third floor.  Thanks.  Li Fen is the name of the lady atthe store, Hupfarri Bath.  Thanks.
When you came to hostel.
Happy Valentines day!
I nid ask my mentor off day see if can
Can you send me the project report again? I accidentally deleted it...
I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
Lol kk wan an en en! ya of course I have gmail. I using a google phone leh lol
Let me interview u leh.lol.for the IT outsourcing module.
Laopo will be te. Call u laer
Tmr meet Jie Mien at 12.30pm for 3214.
I cannot change yesterday. I can only make the most of today, and look with hope toward tomorrow.geve ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Aiya, u anyhow come out with one can le.
Dai  <#>  naal eruku.
i dun wan to take tat module next sem
Ohh x.x haha okay! Thanks:D do you think I can put my bag there?
nai woh samaj nai arahi
hey bro! u see the babe just now? damn gorgeous!
There's chem hons test tmr >< haha but if end early Idm ah :P
What wrong idea shld i be getting?
No u all go ahead first
Dude got a haircut. Now its breezy up there
Eh i thot is fri? Tmr cannot leh...
Yeah, definitely meet there, and I planned on shopping to
s not going for lect...
We make Friends. Some become Dearest. Some become Special. We Have Crushes on some, Fall in love with Someone. Some go Abroad. Some change their Cities. Some leave Us. We leave Some. Some are in Contact & Some are Not. Some dont Contact because of their EGO. We dont Contact some because of OUR EGO. Whatever they were, However they are, We still Remember them Because the part they played made "MEMORIES" in Our Lives. Send this to all your friends. No matter how often you talk or how close you are. "Let old friends know you have not forgotten them and tell new friends you will never forget them.":-D
LOL why were you shocked!?
Aight, I should be there by 8 at the latest, probably closer to 7. Are jay and tyler down or should we just do two trips?
I not using car liao.
Yup she can...ok... I see whether she know how to get there...so its chinatown mrt at 2? Ok...see ya!
Haha yeah my teacher said he wanted to retire there. Large piece of land only like  <#> k sing dollars. Had your dinner?
Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  <#> .irritating  <#> .lovable. reply me..
Treat me like a kid. After being your diary for at least a year. What can I say SIGH
Any wkdays night free to have dinner?
Hmm.. if  <DECIMAL>  ?if cannot then nvm ..
Lol.then sight seeing n walk ard?shopping?lol there can buy wat sia.
Don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
<#> k
LOL IS IT SUPPOSED TO BE A BAD THING HAHA OH NO x.x
Just do you know, we're safe and home now, love ya
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Pahuch jayenge tension mt lo.
u coming home?
Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
No...
important ha kya?
Kimi wa doko? Soc desuka?
Got win?
Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
Hello -/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite ros
Cool lets play mahjong then. Haha
Haha okay (: shall save some ice cream for you! Btw can I borrow<DECIMAL> ? X.x forgot to bring money out!!!!
Goodbye cruel world
She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance
Msg me the auction
s on e mountain, haha, have to check map liao...
I going back on friday. Thursday got activity in school then goingout with friends.
Hey can send me ur full name email and year u born in? Thks
Haha it's okay! I was chatting with the drink stall uncle, Ivan teeand ryan you!
Its regardin the mail CJ has sent, abt a paintball game on thursdy
Thnx same to u
Hi! How was your weekend? Did you have a good time?  :)
Damn!!!!!
Hee. Coz u let me play so much. Really very fun to play with mybaobei leh. And. Hug u so comfortable
Kk. Haha
Yea excited not
Oh T.T...Thursday got some  <#> . <#>  slot but I got class thattime... I choose de all 3pm de
We don't have to! We can tomorrow if you want!
Train.
but u nid to use rite?
Yeap! Haha wow I just got your msg! I pack an extra bottle for you?
T.T... sob sob sob how can u do this to mua~~~ ya lo lol... dunno lehmaybe if I got the money lol... my teeth not that straight lol
I just want a plate of california roll sushi I'm craving, I'm working today and I can't leave this job today I need to take it while it's available
I bout  <DECIMAL>  end. Still nid go back sch Den need carry a lot tings.
Y sad sad
Next friday lynette and I couldnt make it eh. But I can get the restto go down.
Hi Ricky, there's no one here. What's going on?
I don't know when your thing ends, but feel free to text me whenyou're done if you want to work
What the f how did I get into finals now I have to come back tomorrow :/
Ard 530 lor. I ok then message ü lor.
Ok
am at Cl only.  How does this work? I can't get in after 7?
May i knw whoz dis?
U tel hr tat u luv hr
I have to take exam with march 3
Yea! Haha
Oh k:)after that placement there ah?
Dad said 5...
Meaning no stove
hi how are you?
Haha bo pian I not that rich, he fun have the best gf like I do =p
U noe of any gd Secondary Maths tutor willing to teach student in AMK area?
Eh later movie  <DECIMAL>  reminder in case u forgot lol
Ya
Where u goin bbub
Hi thyags, when can I pass the keys and broadband stuff to you?
Hum apne senior manager ki car se nikal chuke hai.  <DECIMAL>  sephle pahuch jayenge.
Hey tmr night wanna eat tian ji zhou for dinner? At kallang there.
Haha yeah whatever ones are up I like very much
LOL oops I was trying to warn you. Haha
Dear where you
Have you started in skye
Haha yeah I saw it a lot in msia when I went haha, maybe we went sameplace! Haha I never heard of the movie before though! Ahh noo okayeven if cute only just in your eyes okay! Haha I am ah but I feel soliberated now! halfway through!
Lol ok
Ahha same! Dinner?
haha ok anyway in total
got 6 diff clouds the  <#> * <#>  got 2
roger!
Rock climbing is optional?
Good. 6 bje tk Laxmi Nagar hum pahuch jayenge.
Acha
Eating at 2?
our appointment is at  <#> am. prob meeting ard 9 plus
Haha okay, I dunno if I'll be online though! Haha  <#> dec! Jyjy hahaI think I will be quite sian there haha! Haha yups!! Ooo that's a goodidea haha but you will hear my unglam-ness during the game!! Hahahaomg cannot!! Must concentrate!
Serious? Haha. Paiseh i forgot the booking of dr rm liao.
Wat doin?
Hlw anandi.. Kaisa he.. And kaha pe he?
|Djajaja
So wat time u coming to school?
Enti rply ledu
Good night...
When is GE
Hahaha do what?
Hi babe
Keep asking me to inform billy and ask dillion if he wan join. Fucker siaz
Ha ha thanks and coz lost my hand phone thus lost all the contact number carry on with you exams:)
Nth else. It's only the research file.
I dun celebrate christmas leh
Sensible lines by a smoker to his gf: "If u dont wanna see me smoking, then u better find other ways to keep my lips busy":-)
Mr lee you can send to my hotmail.  <EMAIL>
Go home safe dearie. Love love u dearie. U were awesome today.
Which is your native
Mch better I guess. Feeling dam weak now lo
Yupz...Kk...Den i anyhow wear...Vv hot...Haha
its a MUD, like LORD and Kingdoms we played back in hwachong
Ah ok
No one.
Will be leaving around 7 from here.  Meeting ran over and lots of admin to do.
Leona birthday on sun we meeting on fri for dinner u free ?
Omg I just realised I have to take intro to bioinfo! it's a prereq toone of my cores wtf
A God waters ,;*"*;, His *;??,*; Creation, __)(__ May He also sprinkle His Wondrous Blessings Over U & Ur Family 4evr. :-)"HAPPY NEW YEAR.
Oh wait everyone is going out just leave it on my shoerack
Okok msg me
<3
Ha
Okay. Actually, till now, i don't know what's the diff between  <#>n  <#> . Haha. U planning your timetable now ar?
Lmao your nuts
Cal
! Not 7 :P
Dunno leh I forward u the sms from Colin and Nat to me
hi buddy due to health problems am unable to come to ground
Bk a seat 4 reb too..She also going 4 lect..
Ohh ok bring them there first kay! I'm still not nearby haha!
Thanks for updating, daryl!
Hello! Awake?
Ohh darn ~ okay! Can right!
So 2moro how
Why lah?
t have one actually. anywhere else i can meet you?
attention singasaints, there will be a telecasted match between saints and man u. please check the website for details
Huh... Whole afternoon gone... Nvrmind lor, nxt time go again... C whose bdae comin up...
Ok. Haha
Hahahah xP I'll find a way I tell you!!!
Ya hmmm. Book everything! Gym also can
Okie I at city hall le
I where got? I need sleep man
<EMAIL>
Lol wa so ke lian it must go on for a month sia... where got sell ear plug lol
Wait what?
I when free
Yup yup msg u again later watching movie now hee
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Haha... Ü mean mich din join her meh?
this sounds interesting!:D
Wil u able to return my pendrive nw plz
Hahaha Melvin the best van omg hahaha! I thought I was bad! Yk and Itraded essays LOL.
dear i go lecture first, muggs^O^
Dun wan la... :)
Later meet where ar??
<#> , Jai Ganraj CHS , Ramchandra Nagar No.1, off mega mart ,near nitin company highway junction,Thane(West)
Hmm
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
cos telemktin can get higher pay ones.heh2
Dear dear reach where le? I miiiiss u so much!
If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
At what time are you coming.
Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
Ok. Noted. Be happy ok?
Good nite. Sleep tight.
Nahhhh got cp! Ohh anyway!! Are you donating blood today??
i c
Oo.. u gt duty today ar? Got letter for u frm Singapore poly. I put on ur bed.
Wahahahaha. Go out only when he can afford a LV bag. If that's thecase, know one day also xan go out. Haha.
The disciples came to Jesus, asking, "who is the greatest in the Kingdom of heaven?" So Jesus called a child, made him stand in front of them, and said, "i assure you that unless you change and become like children, you will never enter the Kingdom of heaven. The greatest in the Kingdom of heaven is the one who humbles himself and becomes like this child". Matthew <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Wah die late lol.
Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
Lol okay.
And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
Hey when ll you finish jussportz?
Hey wat things to buy for project
Happy bday dear:-)
m not goin, i got somethin on...
Baba is teling 'andreu didnt even talk 2 me'. If u r free talk 2 her in 5 minuts time.
Haha ehh what time? not everyone is going to turn up haha! Anyway Idun think I will go the baking on thurs coz i'm a pig!
7 bje milunga mai
Eh
So sorry.
Yup :( going for practice.. just coming back from meeting
eh.. her website sat  <#> rd for softcopy,  <#> th oct for hardcopy.then nov 8/9 got presentation
Hahaha no lah:P I think I keep my composure better if things are moreserious heehee! When are your exams starting!
3 pa but not selected.
Eh I tink we meet at 6 instead ba. Cus it closes at 8
Hahaha you pig:D buy me one!!!
Wat the! I weds marking day!
Sure sure!
Hahaha u will understand tat eating there is like the best thing tat can happen in life.haha.
ll end. We might be having dinner after. Can u go for karoke after that?
Dear we eat afterurleaaon k hee
Oops sorry for late reply. It's on  <#>  march.
Ü go home liao? Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
<#>  pata ha kiska ha
Ya... Until 415 lor... Den goin to c laptops w huixin..
Dear all! Ts abt. Sat.weding.v hv already hd 1 practis4t.since v r singing n al4parts shehan insists that ppl singing should be present4practices.so pls b thr4practis on thurs.7pm and fri.  <#> am. Hope u all wl cooperate. Thank you
Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
Nhi
ok!! muacks! meet u at platform?
Shall we go for a movie?
No nid programming. It's very exciting!
To day class is there are no class.
.FEB <#>  DRESS CODES: *PINK- goin 2 propose. *ORANGE- alredy in luv. *BLUE-applications welcomed. *BLACK-not interested in love. *YELLOW-failiure *GREEN-accepted. *RED-already booked. WHITE-double side NOTE: 1.ALL COLLEGE n SKOOL STUDENTS MUST FOLLOW THIS DRESS CODES. snd 2 al collage N SKOOL Studnts. .Have an happy advanced valentines day.
Damn): let's write one for each of the juniors, and especially bigones for the new p and vp!! Hahaha ok jio me when you all going!
Hello , free ho kya
Tonight I gt thing on..
Hi andrw gud mrnin.v r goin thru a dam hrd period.my brothr dat hs ncresd 2  <#> ,i dnt no.my purse pikpoketd ystrday.il spk latr andrw.nw fd up f lif.bye.g.b
Hey can help me buy coffee before you come up?
Cause of ur frnds.
Did u really mean ths rishi?? Am i seriously interfarng in2 ur 'private life'?cz jodi seta sotti hoe thake ,nd u dnt wnt me 2 do dat,i promise dat i wl never cl u again.cz ami chaina ei relatn ta 2r kche ekta asojhyo smporko hoe darak,as it 's special 2 m
Haha thanks >< you shouldn't have!><
Wah zzz some bus in front of mine broke down and the whole lorong 4 is jammed
Then how?
Are you there in d office
Un aal warden kittandhu super comment vaanginaalan!
Wilson, wat is the intended agenda for meeting up tmr?
WARNING:鈥㏕here has been lot of bad comments & jokes about actor vijay. Even his recent films like kuruvi,villu, Vettaikaran,sura got failure bcoz of these sms only.  So dont send any jokes about him or his films. The person who is sending such msgs will be
Someone had a party at my house yesterday n I didn't get an invite! At least that't what the mess suggests :'(
Hmm.. is a bit ex.. I also no money le, ESP now the transport likeMore ex.. we eat cheaper food this time?
I finish le where u wanna meet?
I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
Okie.  Talk to my yei yei later! I go lie down a bit. Must call tillI wake up arh!  :p wan to hear ur voice.
Ur ph number, u f o m
A question in new kerala syllabus on cherthala as mukya mantri,pradhirodha mantri and external affairs mantri are from cherthala.Question is in essay section-what is the difference between Vayalar kavala and thanki kavala.explain in not less han  <#>  words.revert with answer to pareekshabhavan.u can win a chakiri naaru from Mr.CM.
Hey anything call Eman
Scare u cannot wake up mah~~~ but I expected as much when u din pickup phone lol
Post!
andy gt ask u to help find part-timer?
Get well soon
On my way
C0me ol cumi..
At lab. Going soon
haha.. up to you lor... anw still can drop if dun like ma
Ok. No problem
so next sem u taking wad?
Hmm hao bah. When can you pass it to me then?
Oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie AND be home by midnight, huh?
Ya i checked. i'll be at class bench
Heyhey.. Didn't know you were admitted to the hospital.. Hope you are feeling better and take care yea! :) love ya! :)
Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
m coming now.
Yup the secretary of the prefectorial board.
Haha I didn't see this sms. I damn angry coz he don't want focus,he's going to mess up his life like that! I told you before, he'ssmarter than me one, I see like that I'm really very disappointed!haha I ate chicken rice and rice ball for brunch so no lunch): hahanext time we go beach enjoy wind! Ending this week if I'm not wronghaha, cannot lock him there, got ps3! haha bbq cool! I started doingmy suibi:x haha I miss you:/
Yup. So lets watch it this friday.
PI
kkie..sorrie leh..
Just do what ever is easier for you
Yes yes goodnight! Omg it came out as dogfight!
Nothing :-).
How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
Will miss you..
I watch show now
Ok :-*
They are changing it depending on who comes.. she clearly knew I wasinternational.. underhanded marketing tactics :| I got for 1 moviebefore  April  <#>
I love u dearie!
Hahaha yay!!! Good boy!!
Post!
Nope! Tmr how ah!
Haha thanks ah. That sentence was indeed a motivating one. (Y)
Oh... Kaiez lor... Wa, u so efficient ah, so fast done... Den u confirm w me again lor... C meet where...
all the best in you exam
Come for tea
Kk u carrion
Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite
Lols jy
Lol... U can meet her another day ma... Means 3 of u taking same class?
Yeah got.
Hey rem to send by tonight!
Nope.lol.rained.wats the wet weather program.hahaha.
K.
Nanba i got job :-)are you free now?
Many thanks for yesterday. Uncle Reny needs help today at  <DECIMAL>  for bible discus if you can oblidge pls contact him.
hihi! next monday xiao long bao buffet for dinner?
orh! chou baobei i thot u going home to code. dear eAt le ma?
Babe, I'm answering you, can't you see me ? Maybe you'd better reboot YM ... I got the photo ... It's great !
Haha yeap its nice! Getting addicted to it again hahaha!! Hmm what doyou mean its not representative??
t rem.,gota register le lei.
Please call
Hahaha but you could've had more time to do your work! I probablywasn't making sense at all on the phone right hahaha, ooo  <#>hours?!
Oh when you dao? I dao you so much I don't notice:P
Lol what's the problem?
K thks. Then this Friday not planning anything for odac?
Where my steamboat!!
Haha okay i tell him that.
I'm here
I will try to come up with a better text for the paper.
Still in Singapore wad. That's why I nvr wish u
oh yah... happie new year!
Thank you so much.
Haha ooo icic o.o dunno leh! >< go out? This week you didn't meetyour friends hor! Haha oh wells what to do I can't control what timemy parents want to eat what haha!
YU SHI GE JUE XIONG TIAN PING ZHUO QU? BISH? ANOTHER SONG WRITTEN BY HIM, WO ZHEN DE AI CUO.
Crazy defntions: 1.Laziness? Asking lift 4 morning walk 2.Craziness? Get blank paper xerox 3.Honesty? Pregnant women taking 2 tickets 4.Dehydration? Cow giving milk powder 5.Fashion? Lungi with a zip 6.Hope? A  <#>  yr Old person purchasing a life time sim card 7.Fact? Ur smile 4 my sms
I'm the worst =(
Again!
Okay
Sweet. Do you have any plans for the rest of the day?
opnet modeler bhi available ha version  <#>
Paiseh. No changes.
Hee. Telepathy!  Mug mug my wonder boy. Drink more water. Ur lips dryle.. :-* :-* :-*
Awesome, be there in a minute
Guailan ar. Meet at tamp?
Haha coz he had the vouchers then expiring but dunno who to jio!
Haha sorry! Yeah the pasta very nice! Next time try to do for you!
Right it wasnt you who phoned it was someone with a number like yours!
Okay noted.
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Hmmm
Thanks bro! You too!
Happy birthday again <name>! This is <name>lol
Happy Birthday!
how come sunday nite always no nice show on tv..
Hey, i bought 2 tix le. See u on  <#> th ar! Haha.
Haha ecology, inorganic chem and biochem! Not say super good ah justbetter than I expected!
I think we go lido watch k. Den u and xyan can go orchard shopping first. Show still at 930.
I am at Clementi now.
Yes..but they said its IT.,
K..k:)how much does it cost?
Haha.. nv cut den dun return u...haha.. ok lar.. i den cya there slightly before 1245 k? nites!
Kk
Want me to accompany u?
ok. .have a good rest.
Ok
Can i come around  <#> ?
! :-)
Good mrng:-)
A true saying:- Anything is valuable only in 2 situations; First -Before getting it
Long time. You remember me today.
I fell asleep while reading my own essay (for checking) haha fml
Were r u?.....
How is your life.
LOL WHAT'S A KY I DUN GET IT I JUST SAW IT TOO! SO SHE HAS YOU ONTWITTER HAHAHA
03. Call 63366822 (sent from amore)
Expire mana boleh sms -.-"
<#> /A, R K APT D BLDG, TALAW RD. Near s m public school Bhayandar east
Yes yes.. Now Nadee is went with her mother for shopping.. I am at the apartment.. Bye bye then.. Good night..
Kaha par he
Oh OK.. when will you reach?
yar msg hi is type ka tha...original mSg parha hona zaroori ha is msg ke liye...maine unko send kia tha jinho ne original message send kia tha mujhe
I no idea when have arp. Why not u all choose a date and I try come
Which u going? I not much preference.
Haha yeah grandma will go also, rmb I was saying we all carried herdown some super long set of stairs? Hahaha yeah, only the more welloff families amongst us will go further countries >< haha I wanted togo there but my grandma closed the windows there liao, very stuffy andI'm lazy to open it again so I went to my bro's room Hehe! Eh LOL.Only you call it that! Hmph! Just tell me!
Yr 5 only got exams le. Nt sure te other lvl.
Then ur sis how?
Haven't eaten all day. I'm sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and I can't eat it. These meds are ruining my life.
2moro come my room do?
Lmao your terrible
Haha it is not called QQ noodles for nothing then.... wa liddat onearh ur mum so good to u lol... wa so guai really not spending morethan  <#>  arh lol
meet u at 7 at mrt station control
Shld be! So ü go w him? Thanx alot! Can ü confirm w him? Then confirm e tix w me?
s travellg except me... so what job hv u got urself?
Oh.. Wah u so smart leh. Why cannot go JC? So good leh. Haha.
Din bita raat aayi Sone ki ab baat aayi,Jab ja rahe the sone ko  Tab Aapki yaad Aayi,Socha band karne se pahle light,  Aap se bol du .G <#> D NIGHT
Ok...u gave me a handwrap long ago..but i dun noe put where liao...soi tinking of buying one myself...other than liang seng...u noe whereelse got sell?...
So fast find him? If he aggro I impatient how
Aiya also can have differing opinions wut.
s very wulu ah?
In biz canteen
Oh...ok ok...So paiseh... Was thkin might b u but not very sure...Gee... Anyway, nitez...
Yeah she left me):
It's snowing!
RC <#>  =  <#>  Loc+Nat SMS free per day for  <#>  days. Ur DOB tells lot of interesting facts about you.To know more about urself, SMS DOB <ur DOB>.Ex :  <#>  Dec.Rs3/SMS
Im on my way to your house le. Need me to get anything for you?
I not sure! I dun tink so ba
Theres a barbeque party. We are leaving now. Talk to u later.
By right, i thought A and B are the same de leh.
Need to return bike first! Haha all rushing, return by  <#> ! Iwanted to say sth but forgot!! argh!!
Yeah so far so good. They don't have me scheduled a lot so mark still has to find a job asap
Alot lah. Got  <#>  in total. Haha.
Haha yeah!!! (: haha yeap I emailed you! Haha with family! Her sep goto Xi'an! End of last year apply de, same as us!
Where yo
Hey gals.. Wanna go out tmr? Coz i jus got home..tmr no class n i start late on thur..hee
I dun have e date of our check up leh... Weird... Wat time is it...
u met her?
Oh OK. Yeah I might need some help with the office of studentaffairs.. will let you know on Monday. Thanks!
Fainted!!
Oh yay. Life rox
Haha ok if he going tell me... if not... farm hat now?ol
Eh pinky bro I  <#> kg alr! ^^
>
Beautiful tomorrow never comes.. When it comes, it's already TODAY.. In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful TODAY.. GOODMORNING:)
Lta eday buy  <#>
hey we meet at seven then decide go where ok?
?
Ohh icic!! cool okay!! :D
Ya better le my baobao  now going to run first  love love wifey
Haha yeah so awesome! Haha dun want nap so much ah! After exam i'mreally looking forward to sleeping more! Haha tell you for what sia XDgot prize meh!
yeiyei nv charge hp!! poke u! lp go slp le. nitey dearest. i love u.
Ok, but i'll be late then
Oops. That is the grad hat. Haha. Saw wrongly.  looks ok.
kidhar ha
Mr lee is the exhibition tomorrow?
goin home to do.. tml got a presentation and a proj to hand up.. luckily goin to finish le. ü
Np (: terrible haha I just got this!
Eh.. no prob.. i can always pass to u.. eh.. i will pass by ur hse outside bus stop everyday u know.. or u wanna meet some place else?
How much is cafe 3? It's probably comparable to whatever we'd get, huh?
BTW, have yet to hear from your electrician or air con people.  Alsowe'd like to check with you about the attic space, whether it needsBCA approval and the estimated cost.  Thanks :-)
Mindmap! Yes Dillon and I in the same pot of curry! Haha LOL that'sreally really random!
I tink all in all at most 2 pages
He is a womdarfull actor
s more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
RC <#> = <#> TT . 喈呧喈掂喈侧瘝喈侧 喈掂瘒喈侧喈熰喈熰瘝喈熰. 喈庎喁嵿喈苦畷喁嵿畷喁堗喈苦喁嵿喈?喈班瘈喈氞喈班瘝喈溹瘝.喈班瘋 <DECIMAL> 喈熰瘉喈權瘝喈曕喁?
Weds  <DECIMAL>  to  <#>
Lols he won't buy one la!
then later then go la
Lol to reemphasize that im far far away. Now reaching bugis.
the German team etc all have substantial support from industries (amended the language a little :p) and the "without delaying any current projects" damn lol
What are you doing later? Sar
Symon For mumbai:)
:p my phone bo $$:(
Hw r u pretty gal?
Haha dont know. Abyway can help me ask yx check his phone?
Xuanhao police ar? Okay go there help say hi. Er ur elite grp thereIdk anyone. Say hi to nobody for me
Early dinner at 5pm anyone?
Uhh yeah i'm home
Sorry brah, muh power got disconnected and shit. Chill out while Irectifaaaaah.
Are you coming now
T.T its different!!!
They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation.
Oh god that's terrible (if course I won't)
I eat dinner at nus
Mm i know dear
Where u? In school?
Ehhh then how you want me to help?
Hey you eluded SLUgS!
Cricket Pack Free with SMS Pack  <#>  ! RC  <#>  =  <#>  Local SMS free + 2 day free cricket trial pack.Validity  <#>  days. Cricket Pack will be activated within  <#>  hrs.
Hee I so happy today with u. Mmkkuacks!! Everyday also so happy with my dsr
5min, I'll call you.
Later tell me where u and teck guan are.
Yeap!! I was finding actl! But some look ulu HAHA
Ya OK. Is at 3 right?
Haha okay^^ what time? I most likely going sch by myself haha:P
Hi Auyong, we found some things in the master bedroom warbrodedrawer.  I will send you the picture through email then.  May I haveyour email address?  Also, several letters came for you.  Should Iredirect to your Henderson address?  Finally for the fixtures, we areplanning on keeping most.  Will let you know if any are to be disposedand can be given to you instead.
Psps going wcm
Ya.. Of cos la... Haha...
I'm at a nus camp nw, will be back only on friday. Can u help me comment out my cron jobs and remove the mails frm the queue? Sry abt dat
Yup, i ordered it last night l.
I have bought yeyi bd present, clinique makeup n a pair of shoes, $45 each. Btw she s down w dengue fever now! Trm going back hospital 4 bloodcount again
Haha... So is he handsomer?
Also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
I'm sitting quite high up..
What time u will come
Lmao...homework
<DECIMAL> . Will increase to  <DECIMAL>  after receiving cert.
hi dad how are you? how is your health? hoping for quick recovery :)
Nai bhai s0ry time h nai mil pata yahan.. Me  <#>  din me nbh aaunga phr tere samne h bt kar lunga
Ohh okay. When are you performing then?
Yeah.. so uh how will I fly without id?
And now i hate muslims i really hate them but i m happy that they dont harm u
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
I send the print  outs da.
Random Japanese =P
Ya hor.. ur work haven't end right
Mail
Wats ur hp no! Mimi!
KBCQ A
Eh u too both packets of milo ar
Yup!
You come out now. I am arriving. Do not be late again
Why
Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can...
Hmmm:)
Yea whatever jus dun fall sick! Hahas how were ur exams
Hallo, huiqi suggested we all sit together in tmr lect so that we can discuss abt the term paper.
Yea okay. Quads pain lik shit
Haha yay:D hope I can do well! Hahaha cool! What kinda shoes??
Oki
My team member wearing formal, i might go home change -.-"
How ar your respective parts?
HAHAHA wait eh. Go there do what de?
I am leaving tomorrow..wanna go ea catch a movie or something?
Best text EVAR!!
saturday Sept  <#>  dinner at  <#>  tgi fridays followin that jumers casino and funktastic 5 At martinis hope to see you there!!
Fiiiine
Haha what time you collectning?
Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
wat mod u wanna take ?
Convey my regards to him
Friendship is not in the words you speak. Its in d depth of ur relationship you share. Tk cr.
Reachin northpiint le. Sobs
Why boring? So long nvr play! Or basketball. BTW Mon can fetch me? Mywhole family going overseas without me
warid
Sure! I hear you singing and the base line!
Hmm.. then daddy fetching u?
Yea. Today prolly v hot. U wan wear school bemudas la!
Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
Yay k thks
Scare then no need to work ar? Haha. Okay. Where're u going?
Hee. Orh!! Lub lub u. Dar dar eat till tummy round round already?
tat weiyi is so sarcastic.cant stand him!
Ya... Haha, so qiao... Oh have u registered 4 e lab session?
m comin soon, gota wait 4 my sis first...
Its k..
I thk dun wan lor... Cos ü need to stay there alone until quite late... So ü bot ur jeans oredi?
ok add u liao
Night training with? Yeah after roll call.
Why? Then 2moro how own ubin? I tink u train to strenuously le
Tick, tick, tick ...
we don't our future so we must thing and want to pray to god
Helw krishna.. Hw r u.. Kafi tym h0gya no sms..:-P
I dint go 1st 3 hrs nah! Ask ur day schi frnds!
Know anyone keen to buy a cheap 2nd hand mac-book pro? Os x leopard
i should b able to go down. who else going?
Namal... Score..
Hmmm..
Will be quite late. Daddy fetching?
Kk we meet at mrt. See ya
Ya. Abit busy. But dun worry, hw busy also make  time to join u on  <#> th.:-)
Thgt we have to collect some package on 17th if  u haven received it...
Comin
Where u all eating?
What time? i can go myself. If u in the city.
s y cant log in... They sent a mail to us abt it...
Eta?
Hehehe
washroom main tha...lite nai ai abhi tak
Ya! Urs 2moro mass gay outing
Forgot pass to u.... Gg
U drink coffe liao still can sleep? But u tired should sleep wat.
LOL I realised we diff grp. My grp buying drinks
Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
Are you gonna get the keys?
Son,amader hostel fees 3 theke 5 hazar hoeche tai je draft banabi session fees r otate agerbar je  <#>  r baniyechili tate 2 hazar add kore niye draft banas.
must say thanks to my fren who had recommended this show to me
What doing da
May this new year bring many opportunities to your way, to explore every joy of life & may your resolutions for the days ahead stay firm, turning all your dreams into reality and all your efforts into great achievements. Happy New Year to you & your loved ones A.Rajkumar
Haha.. u call who?????
Muuuuacks k. Hee
Call me
Lols!
Hee. Orh!! Tell him tmr I going over to visit him le.. Dingding! :-). U drink more water i
Aight thanks
He meeting me on mrt later
Alright!
I having speech day
LOL BUT THEY DON'T HAVE YOUR BILLING ADDRESS RIGHT. HAHA I FINISHEDLE. HAVE YOU? ALL THE BEST TOO!!
No lah, is me and shao; we're having a cold war over some small issue :p but thanks for the concern!
Dear reach bus stop tell me k.
Yo wen sorry!! I haven't check my email!! Anyway I sign up the ssefone with our teacher mentor as verlyn woo ah! I emailed chiam but henever reply!
Oh icic! Before that you don't talk to raghav de ah? Eh haha uhh theother one I know is hao xin fen shou hehe:P haiz Chinese! Too noob somust stress over it! See so I still need to mug after sch exams,sian!
U going to wait until 4? U got nothing to do?
the yeiyei bus dun want to come.. poke me.
Baba
GOOSE
Haha he whatapps me I got ask him he ok le lol... Fri haha he startschool le so sad.... then later u wanna eat dinner together?
Aiya so sayang u la. Thks dearie!!!!
take visitor pass loh
..!.. why can't  <DECIMAL> ?
I WAS SLACKING HEHE. WHY CANNOT HAHA
Pls cl me 2 dis number. <#> .baba
F
Whoops sorry!
Ok. I wont be free on sunday as I will be out of singapore.
LOL IT WAS YEOW XIANG. hahaha it's okay I went out woohoo!!! You pighahaha throw the pig on the floor!!!
Lta eday buy  <#>
Woah so early. I today end 4 rehhh
Have an early sleep n sleep tight...
K
Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
Not really. Mayb can include in intro
I think the orange one is planorbidae.
4 wat ?
Hey violet! What do you want for christmas!
Yup checked. To graduate, the final cap must be above  <DECIMAL> .Then, while studying right, cannot have cap below  <DECIMAL>  for twoconsecutive sems or  <DECIMAL>  for three consecutive sems. Haha. Ualso leopard nvr changes its spots leh, still so ke qi. Aiya don'ttalk abt her. So malaysia fun anot? I thought u went to japan sia.RICH. Haha.
Cl kar
Lols I tink shld be free. Call me at 2 2moro?
Okay noted.
Mo
Won't fan lian lah. I'll still sign for him but i want to show him inot stupid also. Anyway, since u all are not those ppl who would cryunfairness etc, then it's okay loh.
m oso meetin my frens 4 dinner leh... U comin home first?
Yes reached already.
I'm coming
Haha bye!! Talking to you tonight I thought! Haha^^ actl I only justwanted to hug you longer haha, I like it when we chat at night haha:Pgo home safe! My grandma has got me supper... Hahaha! And explain!!!
Math honors test got  <#> / <#>
It only hurts if you tense up. Pretend it's reggie. LOL!
N waise apne mjhe apna d0st bna b liya inna jaldi.. Mujhe laga bahut mehnat karni padegi apse dosti ke lye..%-)
watching tv
shit. so high. so zai.
Hi dear. Having a meeting? Call me if you are free now...
Ok
K
Uncl stil nt slpt..
teacher is very well dressed today:-p
Hey... Lien can only mk it after 12, but i got lesson. So mt other day or juz u n me?
Nvm la we at e4 btw.
Haha no she crashing mine later haha x.x haha so late!
Haha wow good timing! I just came back:P I think ok ah, but I scaredagain make alot of careless mistakes or think that's it's okay coz Ididn't study enough haha:x are you coming to sch soon?
O.o y not.haha.I think ur late is the super uber late.hahaha.
Nope  <#> b.
Pandaga spl enti
Can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  <#>  or any bb
LOL YEAH I WENT TO BATHE INSTEAD.I SWEAR TIME PASSES SLOWER IN THE SHOWER
Happy birthday andrew:):):)good nite... *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Hahaha no no I didn't! I was watching TV!
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Orh! Its okay lah, any earlier I go will also be about 6, so not muchdiff! Kk hospital!
Cha! Un b'day ku unna adikavae illa!
Hmm okay. I'll be at celc though. So near yet so far.
No no its okay really!
Yeap at the expressway le
Lol nvm eh. I see what food I can order.
s hostel?
I want to run like the wind
Reached?
Haha what!!!
Hai
i wl vist our farm somtime nxtwk
The pirelajewellery I get the account already, but still some problem cos they make it only one year de, so i still email-ing them.
At the same time I proceed to configure it to make it link to your weebly already. Hopefully everything can be settle by tomorrow, paiseh delay so long!
Ivide ippo kaznjee ullu
eh.. i keep wanting to pass to hui.. she no time.. hmmm.. how abt tmr?
I was at the opposite bus stop clown.
I think can. When you want it?
Aise hi .
HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
s slighty cheaper...
Kay kerethes
Haha yup, you can bargain even lower at times, because afterall youare printing in bulks. Heh hopefully im able to answer all then.
So gd... Thk i din get in cos haven heard any news frm em... They sent u an email izit...
Thx
Haha is it! Okay I will sleep in his class then :P haha quite lightla, we all travel light :P except maybe sophie! Haha mass delete allxD eh haha I dun rmb it liao. Nvm ah haha just die lor haha! I guessmy teacher being nice now she didn't confiscate my phone hehe :P
<#> am changi village sunday. Change about sgd <#>  to rm.  Bring 2x9sgd in change to pay boat trip to and fro.
U disappoint me agn
So tonight playing?
Laogong!!! Rem to eat ur lunch! U having meeting?
tu kidhar ha
Does daddy have a bb now.
K de i'm bunking tomor. So can u pls send it by tomor morning
Dunno leh! I didn't tell them I want, but my mum asked how much itis:P haha i'm so noob ~
U watching the movie tonight??
Please tell michelle and vincent that I will be confirming theirposition for next academic committee. Let me know your recommendationsas well. Im still considering darren too.
Love you bunches and bunches.  Please take good care of yourself andbao bao. :-)
are you going tomorrow to dat party thing
Yeah lo yeah lo. Can ask her also.
Met up with weihao le. Shld reach on time. :-)
Lols but I dunno bout aerody! Plus it really matters meh? Oo
Nop still spoil
Camp groupssssss.
Dear Saptarishi, your bathing date validity for one year is expired today. So kindly RE-BATH within 1 hour and get two years validity. HURRY-UP.
I haven check yet. But only holidays won't learn much for breakdance
Hey now only he sent.
Plz come! Gn.t
Kk. Good night!!
K k:)
Yeap thanks!
Later I buying nasi lemak u wan?
I at home now.. next week which day? Iphone4 I heard it's not very good..
U where le?
Parents asleep bleh poke me in the morning if i don't reply by  <#> h
Jus finished my dinner... Very full my tummy coming out already... Happy new year!
The guy beside me cropping some chiobu pic for wallpaper
Okay help me tell him dont cook my share eh. :D 谢谢.
Wah so good. Haha. Of coz can lah. Thanks!
Haha no problem. Confirm got next time :-D
Hey all, is it fine if i make a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm and wemeet ard 6pm at little india mrt station?
Happy father's Day" msg frm tinu
Den i help u ask her? Hee.. Cos i meeting her for dinner.
I watching  <#> h at home lols! Erm bring mosquito swatter to own!And plaster and rem buy  <DECIMAL> L drink and rent $8 bike!
Uhh so we just disappear at  <#> h?
setting new record
Yea can hear siaz
I hv listnd it thrice!
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
We should watch GoT together Sunday!
That means you got an A in epi, she.s fine. She.s here now.
Hah i having second doubt. I was thinking i like e way they cut ur top n fringe ry thought of trying. Now i not sure liao.
Oh I for sure know what you mean. I bet you've got it but your                                    brain's playing games with you. I'm leaving ze practice room!
Hola
Good Afternoon!
parhai ka scene ha?
Lol wat time de
Sailor moon!
No! Boss this week Rly no time
That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around
Lol cannot farm hat rah I just now is moor some random neighbourhoodde internet to connect to steam then play king Arthur on the bus delol
What you doing?how are you?
C ya
FUCKIN*, ARGH
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
that's kind of troublesome because can only edit 1 by 1 - I agree..why is it like that?
Caw post caw
I just wake up...paiseh
Our team will hire mokka player and win cup:)dhoni only enough:)
I love you both too :-)
Haha. Okay. I'm at novena. Give me another  <#>  mins.
<#>  mins! Okayy!
Haha no not yet! Now eating murtabak at bugis haha! I dunno what time leh><
???
He's off today
My legs dun give a shit. My arms excited
Okay... they arent open on public holidays
To amit kaha he..usase kuch kaam tha:-*
ll leave sentosa by 11lor...Unless e guyz wan2stay longer den another story lah...
s can b a big time sugardaddy k.Eh i feel abused...My bf n me last 4 4mths liao lei...Dun play play...Höhò.
:D I dun know how to walk there btw._.
Pls change the cfl lamp.it broke when i tried to twist it.be careful with ur hand when u tch it.
Urgent? In the practice *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Oh why suddenly go there?
Hey when ll you finish jussportz?
Hi friend come to my house we will make so fun.
What why he never stay? Haha wow slap the ppl who turned it on:o
Okie... Then meet at orchard...
eh.. open dior?
Your gf know me meh? I'm gary wong leh. Haha.
Nobody names their penis a girls name this story doesn't add up at all
So far abbie, Ivan, wenbo, Jeremy, junxiong!
Ok.. u come le then we see how.. muacksssss. 老公路上小心！
Daddy home?
Jk la so naively dumb
Hi transferred!
I think my brain dead le so I keep huh-ing hahaha
And torch is  <#>
Hiyo... Ah pa comin to pick me wat... Not comin lor...
I know! But sometime around then!
Remind u wad Oo
I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
Good Morning plz call me sir
Thanks 4 e goodies! They taste really gd..Ü Happy Chi New Yr 2 u..
Noted.
Hvhv. Just reach yishun. Rem to eat. Phone no hart. I love u so msch!!
m okie w anythin lor... Which do u prefer...
m at PS already...where are you? Hurry come quickly
U wan him give u a ride hah? Wat time u can? I confirm w u later. If he not going how?
K, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. Better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)
ve got tests everywk since sept, haven stop yet... So no diff la...
OMG I WIN CAN LOAD, BB CLUSTER CELEBRATIONS
Later then
Ohhh so we eat then watch you all perform ah? Neh.
I can collect my car today!
No.. i realy dnt wnt 2 speak wid u... Realy nt... Gt lost.
where are you?
Happy new years!
When is sundown marathon
Haha... Kaiez, take care den, poor guy...My day ah, okie lor... As usual, slackin at home...
How you babe
Okay what time?
music n interesting contests. Interested? msg me
2 more
Boo! Haha thanks for the chat:P have a safe trip home!
Sorry haha, it's was an accidental call.. are you headed to Ohio?
Umm Jeff, his two roommates, and my field methods partner
Watch?? Huh??? Haha db is quite fun when you do with ppl you know!Hahaha yeap pigs got good lives! Ehh what date is that? Let's jioeveryone!! (:
Oh okay. But I'm not there yet, maybe at about 2? Then how about thecorrect ones for the brake sensors? The 1/4"  <#> npt male ones.
m sleeping on ur king size bed... Reach home already?
Hahaha on whatever you are doing!! Guys if you want LOL, then you cantell me about them hahaha! >< but will be sian coz cannot see you!Haha okay maybe tonight when I reach home!(:
hello, wanna have dinner now? we are going to the non air-cond canteen. meet u there!
I called the office to find someone; I am at university right now.
Psalm  <#> . <#> . Ezek  <#> . <#> . 2peter <DECIMAL> . 1peter 5. <#>
TAY says bring yours! And nvm about friend!
;_;
Eh no nid bring le I found mine. BTW u wan go buy ticket le then swim?
Ok!
We're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off
You there?
Busy bee! Both is fine really. See what time you meeting your proflor! Let us know :)
Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ...
Haha wow I didn't see your sms! Nope plenty of time to spare! Reachedon time (: O.O when?! Haha want me to go with you to ica later?
yup i am. you taking part too?
What school you in
Which friend
When
Haha oh icic!! I just about to start haha, my bro got 5 exams andstill damn stuck to the com blast the trololol song, then my mumtrying to revise with him._. Zzz then keep watching a few seconds ofhimym ._.
Thanks
No bah.... cant finish all the assignments...
If dun hav bus not worth it lo.try tp one.ask if they sellin hse.or mon èn look lo.dun worry sure can find one.ür car learnin no,wkends meh?
Next week you not free eh?
Okay and nope I don't think so!
When I'am alone, I think of so many things to say to you. But when i have a chance to tell you I Go Speechless
JESS wat r u workin s
Uv for sahara
hi i may have smthg on at ten... Can i call u later?
Cus his phone's big and there's nowhere to keep it safely.
I can probably get my sis down. Same rate?
Hi dear we saw dear. We both are happy. Where you my battery is low
Yeap cya
Going to finish ma?
Haha it's okay. Shit happens. I was so excited though! Eh no Ihaven't have you?
Lol yeah actually don't need lah...
Right? I was lik DA FUQ IS WRONG WITH THIS BITCH
Where are you?when wil you reach here?
ghar...soya tha
Have. Go slp. Hee
Need to go my room pack stuff dude! I'll see when I'm done then Ijoin you all!
Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
This is the answer 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
<EMAIL> . Shamsu pls sms brothers number.
Ya but i thought u said that u were not sure whether if they applied?
s dietin...
Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
Wa. That was very effucient
the combinition i did was for the points only, not the format.
STILL REFUSE LOL. CONGRATS YOU WILL GET TO SEE ME IN A SKIRT ARE YOUHONOURED???
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Lol np can top up.
Hi Marc, would it too much hassle if we pushed our meeting a bitlater? Say  <#> ?
I see lol
hmmm.. bash is like a party lor. but not sure what's special abt it.who  got ROM bash?
How are you?? please call me as soon as u get time missing you:-(
Someone ate my too... imma wearing Nobel. U wan fibo?
Turn left after come from lift
Hi done with presentation?
m goin to exercise, no time leh... Paiseh.... Haha, cant pei ni...
No no
I'm coming aft my cluster outing! Ard 9 like that unless it ends early!
Yeah but the things I am interested in are unfortunately not that useful to my future ;((
Sorry mr tan, are you able to get a room booked for this friday?
Tell u tonight
I try... When u all going
Uhh it's quite crude i just extended the board plop the relay on and put the connectors next to it. Show you the pic when I get back home
no objective. just walk walk
Tu kya khai?
s true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
Erm don't leave the house i'm still not out yet
Why not your bed? Read books lorr
Ya lo haha... wa then not bad arh but I miss out so many T.T... ya losob sob sob so hard... nvm marketing can Su lol
not be sad
He say come back now
Man android monster would be so much cuter!! I using xt. Awesome totally
Both me n leona will b late. Me going bedok mrt take train down, she stil in office. Mayb u go shop look 4 ideas first. She wan those working bag.
Is everything ok between you and your dad?
Hey Gilbert, I need you to pay $ <#>  for the fresher, sorry ah.Gotta tally my accounts. Transfer to my account  <#>  by tmr okay?Thanks alot. :)
K..
Bout 7. U finished alr? Wan gym today?
Amla is very tough in 2nd innings:)
me 24 male malay chinese, sms me 0168505252
Ok
Haha awesome, be there in a minute
I not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. Hee..
Means he busy lol. Later he will reply
Smoke is ok but no sensual pleasures and food only after bath,may be pray for some seconds after bath inside.
Nope
LOL IT'S ALWAYS ME HAHAHA ps lor!!!!!!!! Are you cycling now hahaha!!!
LOL.
Well.Is it good for a first time?
Im stay at office now.
Cmng?
Howz pain?hope u r fine..
I miss u alr. Mug mug
Ah didnt. Haha how are you feeling le?
That's just my experience. Lying to yourself is a lie too. White liesare lies too. I don't like to lie, but I have been lied to for moretimes that I can rmbr.
Nope... I got no more lesson until 22nd. Ü wait online... Can get empty slot
Ask u ar...when u go home during evening peak hour...if take mrt fromclementi to outram...the mrt very pack?...
Are you confident that i will not leave you.
Ok... Haiyor she dum dum!!
Hmm I dun tink can make it. Ps!
Hey I can't go ur hse on this sat le. Got smthing on sry
Huh... Y so bad until eyes oso drop, okie lor, pass u e cage. When u wan it? My  tuts will start tis wk lor... Sianz...
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Har ... that's something I nv thot of.. so Steffi and faizal who u prefer
Have no idea,didnt receive email leh. Dont wanna go luh.
Time is ok, but hope they can come earlier in your slot e.g.  <TIME>. Have written to them as well.
Oh.. I working till end of this mth.. But see if they want to extend me a nt.. Which company u working in? Dun u want to earn more money?
V go by our gang?
im not !
Weds  <DECIMAL>  to  <#>
Hahahah.eh by rite for exams u are suppose to study for it ah.u noe.hahaha.of cos u must research b4 the paper?
Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
And u didn't buy me anything? Hmft
Nope nope! Reaching! Hahaha friend dun be late!!!
Hmmm okay wed around 2 to 3?
Oh yeaaaaaa
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes & fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
Tel
Sorry, I'll call later
Where u all
Try again
I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
Happy belated bdåy Yunñy! Hope you had a wonderful day and remain this sweet and happy always! -hugs- Jìayin here btw ...
No di ll give yu give d change later
I just got your msg LOL
I dun think so
Ok!
Hi raja.. I b0ught ur pr0dct frm eby 0n  <#> rd bt u didnt ship stil yet.. Plz reply
Can I cal u nw?
Commented that your 2nd sis is not bad looking becoz she featured inthat part mah. Haha.
Where u at?
Hahaha okay! :D
We'll you pay over like  <#> yrs so its not too difficult
Yeah sure! :-) thanks a lot!
s feedback 5/s+1 result ko series with 1/s result feedback s+3
老公zou san !! muggles. ^O^
LOL HAHAHA WHY DOES IT CHANGE OMG HAHAHA MAKE ME LAUGH OUT LOUD
sure
Haha.ok I at home check then tell u again.think got b nia.tat Yao siew fong siew bun dun like my paper.haha.unfair 1 sia.
Had lunch?
kya
Whr ru
Jo cheej lene ki aukad na ho uske bre me bt mt karna
Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
Shal i buy curd?
At the round table outside tech svcs at the com1.
I wont be free this sunday, u want the tuition tml instead?
Hel0
LOL I realised we diff grp. My grp buying drinks
Hmm dunno leh, just sms? then ocs ask for confirm numbers?
late again ar? further door today. :D
Imma not sure. Shall ask Lewis. Ans the vid u showed me is wat age grp de
Okay np cya next week!
Haha yups (: got viewing today, my dad is the agent so just comealong haha! Oh they're not hdb what! Haha is it:x shucks! >< hahaha ohdid you see my msn msgs! Hahaha!
Yeah gender = male/female. Sexual = homo/bi/not interested.
I coming now
Yo happy birthday
Shd be a bag and <#> cash.bag maybe cui.lol.eh is 6 bags.1 each.lol.
ask Divya to check her messages
Haha sure why not
Ask liao, he said jus plan 2 stay at e beach, nothing else planned yet. Then u think need 2 bring clothes 2 change?Haha how u know? Thought it jus send 2 sms t all.
S
Jus apply whole week cus I dun wanna tap role call
Lol naruto and khr. Out le!
Kk call ne when done
Tmrw vl u cme wit me?
I'm wrong man, Everybody knows abt the 1 for 1 deal. Jp macssupercrowded and everybody buying nuggets.
Violyn you want to chat in the xroom?
Soon? At my house? Haha I ask leo to confirm
Oooweee! Don't bring Raina in.. Let Dravid and Laxman score.
She.s fine. I have had difficulties with her phone. It works with mine. Can you pls send her another friend request.
Ericsson T610... Haha u decide to get one too?
Yup. Ummm remind me to send you tonight please. Thanks
Bro atleast bta to do na ki ordr ho jaega kya?
dear i go toilet first
K
Sorry. Traffic jam but i'm near vivo liao.
Der
Haha yeah okay! Lemme write in my notebook first! Haha (:
RIGHT?! It's dumb.. I threatened to tell her mom -.-
Joey: Rin care intro
Mhmm. Okay lah I am going to bed already. Goodnight. Dont sleep too.late.
Trippy...
Iiii dunno.. we could meet around some stuff we might want and decidefrom there
Hoze, what time will u reach sch tml?
DO YOU SEE SHAO HAO!
Huh.  U mean u going to buy another one?  Can use last time ones ma
Very useful.
Woah so late eh
For every milli seconds.. somewhere.. someone.. thinks about you... My be your Parents... Your Friends.... Your relatives.... Now its me
Haha no no he showing me this earphones shop can try the earphonesbefore buying one!
sorry i'll only reach in abt  <#> min time
Rofl about 7 plus bah.
t bother to call out to you.
ok la, i dun disturb u alr.u sounded busy.  sleep early ! see u tmr.
Haha. Ya lor. Both also like:-)  u eat already?
Hahaha good to hear. Hao ah I meet you  <DECIMAL>  at your house downstairs.
Ps! Kk go slp le nite
None of that's happening til you get here though
Wait 2 min
Ha ha! I wun.
haha I think should be fine! Oh if you dun mind, abbie wrote commentsthen put your name LOL. Haha yay! Glad to hear that! Wow that soundslike an amazing feat LOL. if you ever hear me say i'm cleaning up thehouse, means Chinese new year or moving out haha!
On  <#>  le. Ok la just now tk to u no pain. Lg so in lv with lp. Heee
OK cool. Will do.
Did daddy bring his laptop bag?
Hey me just drop into a cafe to get a cd printd
State of Play? There are good korean movies ass.
Lol whatever! See u on Friday
Ya mine is pdf... But dun have e icon to choose double...
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
I'm <#> . This number totally looks familiar
Who s ths
Hahahaha yup then you can share your experience with your members inthe future.
Aaaahhhh psssyyyych
=P
Ohhh like that ah. Then lie the proper way lah. Aiyooo
Counter ex: chester
Nid wear wat?
Yup song bro. No creative. Neva test quality. He said check review online.
10 mins.. Will recharge nd call
ok.. when is your chemistry paper?
Wat doing
I think we meet ard 730 lor, cos erp end at 7. How abt ding tai feng? Dat time u all didnt eat rite?
sorry, missed ur message
Yeah got it. I ll try and send you the doc after dinner
I know tt sweety. I love u always too. Muuugs
I am.always desirable:)) gonna bathe now. Yeah bring what you can,it's fine.
Seriously! Nana told me I 'gave away what was most special to me'...glad to see you see in only with my virginity -.-
Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
Oh... oh jeez... that is bad. If it makes you feel better, mine isn'tbecause I was still using it when I was like  <#> ... ugh
But there's me!
I'll ask <name>
Why u wanna play so mch?
Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
I'M GOING TO SEE IF MY PHONE CAN PLAY
Yup can see millian! No need sq table lor. What time?
heeeeeeeee. orh! sayang ur bum bum n dum dum.
I knw hw intellgnt u r..so don say lik tat
Hey can meet  <DECIMAL>  instead? I'll be abit late..oops
Can u send me the latest src code? I'll try to integrate my part. Thanks.
Oh
I always come this late wad... Mayb jus do major grps lo
Hey wilson, yes. I saw it in google doc just now. Noted.
Ohh icic! Hahaha NO WAY. MY DINNER IS FINALLY HERE!
Of cus I am impressed. Going out for dinner first then gonna see a doctor.
:o i left school already but i left the blue file in my locker in class 4S2 tower block first floor. i suppose you can grab it yourself if it isn't locked
What happen
Until  <#> h
Chuma tha d 2 mark s.S syallabus
Eh lect start liao nt huh?
Lol wow. Hmm that's fresh to me. Why would you think so?
Hey done ass 4?
Where ya Oo
Haha yeap really? What kinda dress! Chris was saying maybe dun getdress, I dunno what else to get!
m gona b late too...
Pls download "Viber" application for free calls and msgng. It's awesome.
About  <#> bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.
Lol gd sia.wan buy jiu buy sibo.hahaha.I see wat I got now ba.
Good good. Rest ur eyes first.  I'll be home in a flash!
Post! ....oh well!
Haha its okay:P I was falling asleep talking actl haha dunno if youcould tell:P nights!!(:
From your last sms! Sorry hit you alot today:P haha yeah your friendsare cool ppl (:
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . RCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#> . YPB is  <#>. WPB is  <#> . From ulu pandan cc.
Kk. Jus hope dun rain!!
Sure.
Did u hve ny cold tablets wit u?
Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
Abwa kya
On mrt! Past lavender I think!
7?
Meet where
Home le
I love you so much. I just got out
Ahh i'm not in sch now, can just scribble sth for me? Haha (:
Wait fir u at just now mpsh there gee
Lol that is expensive...
Met the prof?
Lol, ok c u there later.
2 np lic key plz send on this number Raviyog Peripherals Yogesh
Computational science, dunno anyone there... U muz b in maths rite...
Any time now
Lol what's wrong with that? I dun really mind haha! It got graduallyworse LOL.
good evening mom it may become late in office dont worry i shall come earlier
Nup.
Lol yeah maybe I go xt house get the monopoly deal first.
Taught before I started taking chinese.
ve finished c ü there...
Singapore studies hahaha.actually I oso taking.lol.
m takin it oso!
Wow srsly my dear!!! I didn't know!!!
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Haha for example, just now he wrote 3[p( <#> x)- <#>  twice in thequestion, one for working and the other is the final ans at the bottomof the page! Then science, supposed to write relationship between twovariables , he only describe the first._. Then left the answer likethat with a comma._. Haha you're so cute! I begged my parents to buyme a mini encyclopedia when I was 6, so aft they buy I read it fromcover to cover multiple times hehe:P haha you moron I dun like you!!!Haha ohh><!
ll wait for u at e station
Hmm... toysarus? places tt sell balloons. Hee- but no pin lei. Queensway?ür peninsula lei?
Good mrng Mohit,I will submit the report till  <#>  noon today. Some policies are still left.I will save the mails' folder in F: Drive.Thanks & Regards,Ankit.
Hello, I am here!
Hah, 1 room how so many people stay? Then dont think shuhui will stay, wait we b light bulb. Oh no like t we hv 2 go out ourself.
haha.. ya lor.. okay la.. cfm wif ya tmr then..
Light! Haha no ah since when! But I really dun want to study, I justwant to sleep! Nope nowhere in particular!
Okie! Enjoy ur food. :-)
Np:D
Oo.. she just setting up the stuff.. enter from further door ba:-)
mob justice? HC and SC gave him the capital punishment. Not the mob
Help me bring my pink shawl behind my door.. And bring the bags that are outside..
Yup. I said i must check with my grpmates. But seriously, i won'tmind presenting again. Up to u guys.
Emo. If she too often u aggro her agn
S0nu agar koi aur c0urier aaye to btana dhyan se..
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
acha
Yup received.. Thanks Marc!
Are you up for the challenge? I know i am :)
Yup it's either this slot or  <DECIMAL>  to  <#> am slot.
shit you
ll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah...
Bbq at macs?!
Dar I juz saw ur msg.. changing then coming out NW..
Wat u doing ?
Oh... Okie lor...We go on sat...
=)*
I don't know =o
Kaha pe he abi?.. Ye n0. Amit ka he ya sumit ka?
good morning
Ü wana watch wad?
I'm at the round tables near technical svcs.
Hee :-)  I need some loving from u lor hee. I will good boy de mybeautiful darlung baobei! Eat ah my baobao
oh cz1102? ya dat was me.i offline liao.im in clubrm ma
Man went 2 RED LIGHT AREA. DALAL ne prostitute k naam Cars k naam pe rakhe the. DALAL- Kaun si chahiye? Corolla  <#> , Skoda  <#> , Honda  <#> , Ford  <#> , Fiat  <#> , ya TATA NANO  <#> ? Man ordered NANO & was shocked to see a HIJADA. Man- Ye kya hai? DALAL- Sir, NANO ka Engine peeche hota hai...!!!
Eh see wring. Yea nid sine programming. Emo
Dunno how to play other things wat... Anyway, we not playin oredi...
So are you guys asking that i get that slippers again or its gone with last year
Lols okay.. but everyone going le! U sure u wanna disappoint us
Hey we rearing lizard nxt to ur fish tank
I wanted to call u. Talk easier. But kept missing the time. Haha. N Igot so many qns for u lor..
Okay =)
Eh where u?
Haha ohh oh>< I have no idea! I hope it doesn't! I dun know how itworks! Oh its  <#>  omg scare me I thought what>< yeah his own faultbut if he realises his mistake I should help him haha
Hi hw r u?
Haha yeah mugging! wow last 2 what the! Haha eng was damn killer lor.Oh yes no mid year AWESOME. haha ok tmr if I see I ask bah!
No lah,if you have other,m suggestions then listen to you.
I thought it was 'for the wind' not marina o.O
Hey wan koi? I going np after I go clementi. Hehe
when? I'll be on time.
Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&Take care
Home le yei yei lp
Goodnight baby zai! Hahaha!(: see you v^^
Hey ayya.. Just left uni.. I will be late to go home.. How about tomorrow night?
What time is it?
Well it was a sure no. But nvm.
Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
Haha nvm this laptop bag is good also! Where got I so good lol... myresult out le! I got  <#> / <#> ! Although the median mark is<DECIMAL>  haha...
Are you coming to day for class.
Hahaha not really. Lavender here jam eh.
How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
Yup bathe liao...
Ya lo lol but lucky got half an hour break in between then I go trybuy mango milkshake but dun have lol... in the end j bought honeydewmilkshake! Haha... dunno mah maybe u got something on last min mahlol
Bring it if you got it
U try calling.Natalie she shld be there I am reaching in 5 min
Nina
3. But got assembly
Did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
Ok. I'll hand in the report at  <DECIMAL> . Thanks.
baobei so sweet today! got place to sit ma?
Haizzzzzz see told u u shld send the sms le then I can just go then udun need go -.-
Yo.. so our meeting for legal aspects is tmr what time?1pm?
Yeap correct
Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
Come soon
Yo you all shopping now?
Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
So do i
raza sahab ka number send kar
Okay I send now. Thanks!
got recieve?? haha sorry ah suddbely keep giving u new stuff? u see alr got anything u notsure of?
www.ipmart-forum.com
Ya but its a fake one lols.
Say 5 lines URSELF every morning: 1. I am the best. 2. I can do it. 3. God is always with me. 4. I am a winner. 5. Today is my day. Good morning
What she said dear
Haha. Well, i guess TG or subi can go acc her since both of them takechange management. Her bf shld thought of that and not just ignore herso shldn't be a prob. And i just think that for our CBA right, we justdo a fake but good one for the proj since we're not giving to theclient. If u agree, we can see what we can do tmr.
No la got so easy to smoke sibooo.can ownself bluff de stuff I oso wun go ask pple liao sia I oso quite lazy 1.lol.
Woootttttttsssssssss so fast?!
K
Nope pool! Haha if rain I'll be sad coz it'll be land, and our landcan continue even if raining): haha yeah of course not easy to hide!Haha ohh so what did you say! Hahaha I saw what you posted:P
Yar lor in soc face muz be v thick one...
Maybe they llopen next year
Haha no no dun buy for me! Hahaha no la I dun think he is reallybroken wrist, just talk that time abit niang! Haha yeah very sian!!Are you feeling better?
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
Not really, just class and a video on a girlfriend in the Amazon, uwas just passing out today lol
HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
Jus went yest! Can't
ger, wan tuition? p 3, live in serangoon.
Syntax is hard lol
Lols  <#> ! Can slp  <#>  mins Hahas. Eh my math honor teacher Wang hai bin!
Hey I tink we can book plane tickets first cus the dates slots arequite flexible
Yup yup!! Will u be free this week?
er. i juz rem.my  grandfather pass away less than 3 yrs ago so cannotbai nian.. (but pay visit shld be ok) ur family got observe thisrule?
2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
Ok..
Happy new years!
Yea better not update later become non genuine again.
wats the plan for today?cofee?cinema?
Why did he call you? I don't get it..
Okok, thanks
Ohh what the he haven't reply! I shall go email him again._. Haha I'mnot texting my iron! He at odac chalet so take longer to reply me haha(:
whats up?
ok.
To naraj kahe hoti hoti hai, jeb mughe tu to janti hai
Raymond? Haha.
U so lousy, run already come back then half dead... Hee...
Hey, later still have IS <#>  lecture mah? If don't have, wanna joinus for lunch? Haha.
<#>
U got ask them or not?poke u hee. I want u also!
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
Lols my art also not v good. Tis den imma quite busy le. Or at leastthis week. When u wan it by
It is! Hahaha I swear! Paiseh fell asleep!
Hahaha. .lol im a donkey
Ok dear
Kk call ne when done
Wtf really?
Who ur?
Yup okay!
Hahaha!!! Thanks thanks:P
Nite brings rest. Wish u find em all 2dae.take care my friend!
Hahaha cluster outing right? Yeah that's why my parents wanted to eatpizza lol, they saw the deliveryman for your order LOL. hahaha ooo Ithink timo singing that hmm WE SHOULD MAKE HEHAO SHUFFLE.
Ok lah, u reach home den let me noe.
Nvm I walking back to.mrt le
I m eating with tze eng and friends... How are u have u eaten lunch?
Wah lame. Today my 2pm to 4pm lesson only last for half an hour. Thennow I'm going home le. Retarded.
Eat subway! Had to go central coz that's where can claim, so we damnwuliao take bus from boonlay to there!
Hey. Sry for taking so long. Coz still refining some of the points..and trying to shorten more.  And I think we need efas:-\
Lol I just received this!
Do you have aptitude book.
ll b super late...
Go for lunch. how are you feeling well? still fever and flu? oklah take care bye
Alright... well I love you and I'm here if you need me
Haha ooo whatcha doing? Will we be late?
Ha
Lol okay we're middle right, green and white. Meet later ba
lite nai ha
U still have the original 1?
I know! When is flyer
How's your day been?
How will I creep on you now? ;_;
So hv u ask e pet hotel? Anyway hv u ask shuhui whether she want to watch?
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
hey stop over when ya get a chance.
How r u?
Wif my fren. Finish discussing oredi mah. Then doing smth now.
Post!
Haha... My pleasure lah... Muaks! Enjoy ùrself!
Awesome, no rush
I'm not feeling well, sorry didn't tell you earlier, was resting all morning I forgot..
Lol ohya. U brought today ah?
erm, when u get homevi pass u the .swf file then u try to record?usee the file first ba. maybe we can juz add backgrd music.
I got a seat le.. :)
Iiii wanna learn farsi!
s number lei...
im sleepin, jus woke up.. vry sian oso. wad r u doin now?
Many things!
Your room must be redikulusly clean! That's fantastic. This weekend I                             will clean... everything
Aiya dont.think about it lah. You should be focusing on having fun in Japan!
I'll probably wait until dad comes tomorrow the box is really heavy and I don't think I can carry it by myself and I'd have to go to the ATM etc
Why
May the noor of this month illuminate ur heart, mind and soul n mayall ur duas be answered. Remember me in your prayers. EID MUBARAK
Good morning! Have a sweet dream?
Fit hua hai
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
come to the deck we are leaving hall in five mins
How come suddenly ur parents buy
U asa or tech?
Gud nt.. Tak care
Never ever raising that pinky... touching rite
daddy no need buy my lunch k, i gg ys, hee.
Ok
Wasshup bro~!
Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
K
Mummy sleeping.. Dun call her..
Post! Hokay ^^
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
That is wondar full..
K, can that happen tonight?
He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
Ya..
Can ü join us for lunch on sun?
Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
Who u?
its  <EMAIL>
Lol no I m in school already.hardworking student.
Haha nono I wanted to sleep awhile eryi! Haha i'm playing tap sonic!Haha yeap! Tmr should be about  <#>  bah! (:
C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot ü not interested.
Haha. Very useful info
Yea lols where u going
Which girl I like
Are you awake?
Nice then buy lor...
Lol haha
Haha earliest day. The rest at least  <#> pm!
Im at the screening, gonna call you back
Oh haha so nice, I have no idea whether liu lets us but i just useanyway haha!
Oh yea. So its  <#> pm.
s naughty... Ü so free today? Can go jogging...
Sry.. change to  <DECIMAL>  ok?
gosh..!! I don't know why she lied, I gave back to her when we met
Now crossin to yishun statiom
Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
Yeah haha o.o yay I'm going to eat dinner at benten cafe! LOL.
Abhishek & akshay court me case lad rahe the k zyada flops kisne diya hai? Dono case har gaye or bahar aakar puchne lage yar ye saala SHIVRAJKUMAR koun he!?
s v nice...
*ok
Ohh okay! Are you freaking serious hahaha why dun you carry an extrabag in your bag!
I watching  <#> h at home lols! Erm bring mosquito swatter to own!And plaster and rem buy  <DECIMAL> L drink and rent $8 bike!
I woke up:D morning pidgins!
Emo hahaha true true! But it's sm!!! I boycott them coz i'm ot5 haha:P
heh.. okie d.. at least nt so borin.. im reachin my house soon liao
Work hard darling. See you at home tonight. What do you want to eat?
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
For my family happiness..
K, do u knw tht no?
Then u finish supper never call back rah
Hey I just reached home eh. Dont think I'm free tmr afternoon. Sorry!
FON,HI
Hey vivian can we exchange handphone number
Meeting
Go in our horse.out of 16. singapore gold cup. 1.5M
Just calling to update you and ask about your surgery
Cca where got Sianz?
<EMAIL>
CONGRATS HERE ARE NUGGETS FOR YOU, MY SEATMATES ARE DYING OF FLU. ANDIVAN TEE TOO.
In sch?? Hehehe :P are you going back to jail tmr?
OK noted :)
<#>  girls died of heart attack,  <#>  girls made suicide attempt it is only bcoz a fellow made a rumour tat doller man "$unny" has got engazed Crazy girls soch yar meri engagment~ pr ye hal h to shadi pr.... soch soch koi jaldi na he.
Name: Wong Jian Wei Gary NRIC: S <#> H
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
Kool cya!
dear dear u are reminded to drink more water and that ur dear loves usoo much!! :-*
He sleeping
Anna where r u? 2dy i am alone. *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
So late...
xy:Need 2 buy clothes 4 my cousin wedding this sunday lah... haiz...
Hey check it da. I have listed da.
Hope u met life today.happy vishu.
Hey che solu d
Now yousuf
Hmmm wait I just realise maybe jester dun need passport detail lol...nvm later if I book cannot then tell u
So how he tell u?
Please call me
atta!!!! u so nice!!!!!! thx so much for yr good lobangs!
Go gym! Dulan I tis week sick
But but.....
Then maybe cook in sugar water one will harden. When cold? I think mymother said something like thy b4. The ball hard but still can eatrite
No y
orh! here also stppping le, but i wan to sit one rnd, hee. rest a bit k
ll confirm wif her ya?
Wah, you fake me...
Eh dun pangseh le jus wake up at  <DECIMAL>  lo
Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)
Bring bread
Ya. Actually, u can just walk in after alighting. It's very near.
if possible, give me a morning call or sms k??
why did it happen i mean what did u do to merit it
I sent an email to Chris and nicky v long ago but they never reply haha x.x
Da one at cine... But i dunno whether i wan to sign up a not... Dunno if they got one mth only... I scared i wun go...
Wat??
Jst rchd hom....
Lol raymus choir mah.
<#>
okie...
huh ???
Ha bhai.. Chal milte rahnge kbi na kbi..
BUT*
Yeah sure. Maybe you wanna pass to mr kwok, or you want I do it for you?
My lessons end at  <#> h tmr, i'll try to go lab after that
Yo, cn giv me ur email, so that i cn add u to friendster, heehee
Im on the way.
Ok sure. Tmr I probably can't so maybe weekend ba.
Ohh okay. But you should tell her some time. You cant possibly live this way always. Yeah just tell me when you are free and I will head down to duke.
Ha
I only have the first one
Hi Sue, thursday  <#>  is fine.  Thanks.
HI EVERYONE! CARE 2 CHAT?
Board the nxt train
chou chou u reach where le?wan me to meet u outide?
Alright he says ok! Eh but you all doing c++ right? I don't know ifhe knows that...
#1? I'm just pee to you?
Abi kaha par he.. Bhai aisa kr na abi auto me ghar chala ja ya b0l me ajau jaha tu he n tu ghar se h0kar 6 bje tk wapas ajana
Sanakara for dc..
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
Check mail dear
Kay.
Haha cool cool but dammit tues is my free day! Have u gotten cm <#> ?
Hey, do u wanna work over this coming weekend? At tampines mall. Rateis $6/hr. Exhibition agent. Station at booth, explain yellow pageswebsite if required. Must commit for both days. Sat is  <#> am to  <#>pm. Sun is 9am to 5pm. Will be working with me. There's a shorttraining at 5pm on fri. Reply asap.
Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
Lol we buy lots for you okay. Hahahaha
Hello
Bhai  <#>  aje chalna
Whachudoin?
Ah yes.
Lol is that biscuit?
I can come up
Well it wasnt must have,was just a request. Watching House :))
ok
been saying it for a long time
s ur 1st day?
Do u mean we give WPB when they ask for it or request to exchange?
Bro kar do na yaar order..
Eh take care! Drink up and dun lose too mch weight!
No fren to pei?
Wenhui Jeremy th! Did you get from suchang and Daniel?
Ok can, so tml at 7pm.
Today so fast. Hee. Okok.
Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
Hahaha what the!!!! Show me next time!!! I overslept ._.
Jinyu. Friday the guys are all goin to korean bbq. Me zm 2jeremyshilal lj tong jason
I saw hello kitty cushion... Ard 20 bucks...U wan?
Okay sounds good!!
Shal cal in  <#>  mints time. Ok?
Ohh haha okay tell me another day! I'm doing chinese:?
Got stuff come out but not wet-ish nvm just get first?
can come to school tomorrow
Only thing is I'm not ur Christian friends and that one had adifferent meaning! But then I won't be able to love you that way untilyou love yourself!
SHADI MUBARAK HO !!!
Rly? I tot postponed till 3 pm
ch4 ke end problem karne hain?
I'm working. I'll call you later
ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
LOL dont need care eh haha. So late havent sleep?
i will call you later.
im a ch..where r u fm?
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
Hi sir
Hey. I'll be doing my work at level 1 till it's about time. Cya!
Aiya... I oso cant work late wan oso... Haiz, hard to find jobs nowadays...
LOL why was she hugging you!? Hahaha so cute!!
Hahahahaha or you help me ask if I need to go or not lol
Yep. But I leaving at  <DECIMAL>
Hi Andreu,good morning! I got up now.Have a nice day. May God bles u.
Jwh when buy Joel paddle. We got $ <#>
Then Tues weds u free?
Hahas! Is it very aggressive?
U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
Nxt week got celebration night, smthing like prom. Sunday need go grandma hse
Leaving hse le. Muuacks
Whr r u da?
Hmm the picture still alright. Possible to use more attractive font/color?
<#>
re go ahead without me la.
I'm home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
emt ka ha
With no problen i submitd a btr asignment. Thanx so much andrew. C u evning
huh? dun scare me lei, ts thursday
I'm with the men's shirts
Sup how u going back
"It was THEBEST SO GREAT but I don't wanna mar the unique perfectionof the experience so I can never return"
LOL DUDE ALARM CLOCK'S RINGING
Okk I'll check w him!
K will do
Harri bailed on gym
Hi ger ger can intro mi fox
Holy living christ what is taking you so long
Angel where u frm?
samrat where are you now?
Fair enough, anything going on?
Sorry ra koncham busy chepura
Okay
OMG I'M THE WORST
I dun think anyone started. Wad can I help on
Lol ya I went to work.
U go where arp. Why meet ar clementi
??????????
Oh okay what you all buy her them? I just got yx's number withoutlynette knowing.
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL> . . .  From Senthil Hsbc bank
Haha. I know. Now she using.. nvm. Later or next time then install.:p. Dear enjoy your dinner k. Reached home?
老公早安！！have an awesome day in school today! hee. roll out of bed soon
Eh toot la the chapter 1 way of finding determinant is easier lols
Haha is it? Oops.
I still in lesson
Wait i tel u
Omg I have the last packet?? hahaha I didn't know! Thanks for thepresents (: haha yeah it was very relaxing, they didn't say much! Hahawhat do you mean?I realised we didn't eat!
Oh fainted haha i'm wearing unglam shorts! Wow cool ~ last time myfriend gave me  <#> % discount at pastamania! haha nono I was in myroom!
........ Haha
U used really fast.
Fang u wanna teach jc chem?
chal phir ye bata 4th kahan tak ha
Analysis of the text/argument: identify the main arguments andsupporting arguments. What is said and how it is said. Evaluation oftext/argument: maybe evaluated based onveracity/accuracy/truth-value/validity/strength of arguments.
Yalo!! Must more bbao. But hear ur voice can go slp le. If nt sthmiasing. Tml wat time u all goin dear
a.. ok.. u brought e entire IBP wif u? erm e meetin start at 2pm lei.. u wan have lunch or..?
1.writ note on climate of pak
Vedda makali vedala makali..davali.
Sent
Wat the! Den how train and eat dinner
fetch me at 6 ah.. arts there, e place u always pick me up one..
Hi.
sure , so u come to my room, ok?
Np! So its my msn acct and pw is Zheryl:D Hahahahaha gonna change itthis weekend probably it's a weird pw!
Dear bro, did ceylinco IT ppl cal u 4 an interview?
Hi dad can meet me at  <DECIMAL>  instead? Cos I got class till 6.
Bblp u in sch alr ?
Hello dear dear, having bread and feeling much better today... And missing you as usual of course! ? thank you darling. ? At work already?
Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
LOL YOU CAN ONLY IF YOU TURN UP!!!
Hi,how are you?
Can can. I replied to your email and sent it to kaixin and gilberttoo. I hope to receive your good news. :)
Ok(:
Yea where u
s da one ü cut ur hair.
I have to study de.
Ben says to wait at da mrt bus stop... Xinyi will b there too... But ben staying over nite lei... Ü wan stay a not...
Tum aa gaye?
Love u.
s a card on da present lei... How? Ü all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
Too bad no slam dunk poster dude
Ehhhhhhh meet earlier leh.lol.
LOL FTW HAHA I MIGHT DOZE OFF BUT NOT THAT LONG
Lol he had to take computing mods ma. Yeah! Great! Is what I wouldlike to say but I'm kinda tired of this sem already hahaha. Hopeeverything is good for ya!
Train le Dar!!
Iske liye ek subject bhi add hogi na ab?
Oh you know ah. Alright.
Haha aww but they eating dinner at kallang eh.
Ok enjoy
s at maxwell road? V far walk a not ?
Mf pissed
Gd lor, ur purpose is to test e card n not talk to me. Hee.. Just now i saw ur call i was so excited. But when e call cut, i was even depress.
Ya but hav to shw demo tomorrow
I dont know how girls smell cus everybody is smell-less:))
Ya lo finish early better mah lol... aiyo  <DECIMAL>  kg only nvm lahlol... okay wat u want I also will eat wif u! Haha r we watching movietml
Hmm ya lor.but like Bo simi diff.and I formatted com lo no workbench.hahaha.u can export for him?I send out the newDump file first ba.
Hahaha then like that hard to find people to stay over eh. 6 beds only.
U?
Ok we could do that too lol... can u send the email? I currently notat home won't return till late... can just re use the one I cc
Like my house and hostel room.
Why? Chumma called?
Haha nope tmr no lessons! Whatcha wanna do! Haha is it! deepavali isit! Haha okay! Hahaha I'm listening to your mp3 player now, takingcircle line!
Ok
Haha nush hostel he won't be able to study! Hahaha if I make, willonly have meat inside! wahaha! Ooo so he's in your class! He used tostay on vivien ang's bed in hostel last year if i'm not wrong!
Have ur tablet
Dunno leh.. Mayb not goin la...
Hahaha so that's good news right ^^
who knows. sometimes i study. im in the middle of planning retreat for the guys too. its friday. whatre you up to
Please CC me at  <EMAIL> . also include details about the pendingpayment you were mentioning.. thanks!
Free. Edho wrote something
OK.
Yeap!!:DD
They talk till how
Ah._. I just got your sms ._.
Lmao yeah they're gonna think your a freak.
Hey you want to go watch the ndp parade tonight?
Laogong call u up tml.love  u sweety?!
ask more abt me?
i'm not coming for dinner
Hey ps Eman and I can't go got arp
Must learn how to relax
Didnt even see you. Was waiting for Kim luh.
tt guy, her chu lian an lian dui xiang, charmed Ah ya.. Aiya v. hard 2 say. Sweet dreams?
Hi Andrew, how r u? Have u started the instructor stuf? How is it? Is it dificult? Is ur DB sir ok now? What about that girl matter? If u got time email me.
Same here.tks!intro frm u,k?
Am off to sleep.. gnite Shweta! :-)
Don't let him alone
LOL tadaima! Hahaha!!! is it the camera on her head pic:P hahahagirlfriend:P why not:D
What:P haha I just realised I haven't eaten breakfast! Haha ooo icicthen you all moving there?? Haha why by then transportation easier?Haha got uhh bus  <#> ! (:
No prob :) lemme know at your earliest convenience coz I may not be able to spend much time on this in week  <#>  and  <#>  due to my FYP report. Thanks and have a nice day!
Dad ist goot! I just got to shtarbucks before my rehearsal at 8 :)
I dun mind... But she still can get tics meh...
Did u keep the tube? Oo
What bank do you use btw?
<#> th May MONDAY  <TIME>  AM outside General Office for BUSOn facebook
Ohhh wait I see, it says el Cajon station
Hi <name>, juz sent u the ppt. Are u printing it?
Sd ur wife..i hope u undrstnd..
Dun meet him alone k!
m following your decision boss!
By e way rain,whic part of thailand ur from?im from singapore
Hee. Mami also naughty.laugh until cannot see eye le rite. But why Iget called naughty girl?
m makin cookies 4 u now liao...
Wat no
boring ... donno wat i can do later ..
Ok!
Fall asleep le right? I'll talk to you tmr! (: my cluster got 2tickets to real steel to replace, dunno who to ask haha and quy mightbe coming so I can't ask you D: no one's replying me emo!!
LOL I JUST FINISHED MY CHINESE TEST. I FELL ASLEEP DAMN LONG !
Good good:)
AGONY...... far more painful than yours
U done let me noe, my sis is back.
Yo you around?
im 27 m ch paul
A/c or non a/c?
Abigail will forward now!
Hey you mind if joce comes along with us on our trip to aust ?
General, did u get hold of the intelligence?
Hi, Mobile no.  <#>  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
Hey so is it on  <#> rd
Sure np.. I have a little shopping to do.. buzz me when you are done :-)
Hey we go queue first.... Ü come and find us?
Dude. Read The Fault in Our Stars. So amazing. I liked Looking forAlaska, even if Alaska was one crazy bitch
You there
Haha yeah next year is early! Haha yeap, but I think she only cookthe soup ah, rice should be my dad fry one? Haha yeah! Ohh my parentswanna go bugis><
Sardar galti se samundar me gir gaya.... Doobte doobte uske hath me machhli mili....usay pakad kar bahar pheka aur bola Ja tu toh apni jan bacha le...
Coming over rite now, abt 15 min
Match cannot.. ideal is  <#> .. I ll finish meeting by then
Mai already use kr rha hu.
Ahh omg how did you know I was going to say that! >< pspspspspsps><
I thought your parents aren't coming?
Yup np :)
Ah? Cancel lo
Btw can I call you around  <#> ?
Uhh shop don't have  <#> mm but i think lab should have, the rest are good to go
Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
Yup see you.
0k bro koi bt nai yahan kb aaega?
It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.
Expect mre frm urself thn frm othrs coz expectation frm othrs hurts a lot while expectation frm urself inspires a lot.gn - via WAY2SMS.COM
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
You were right lor... ngan added some redundant stuff LOL
Hmm nope I wasnt informed. You wanna try asking yewliang?
U so clever know eof! Okie. See u tmr, nite nite!
Thik hai
So what u doing today?
Hahahaha told you to be early already.
Ya. At bus stop le
sci
YES!  We should all have dinner! I miss you despite the fact thatyou're crazy =P
s a gd idea?
Date? For celebration night? No have la
If nice then buy lor... But mambo watch so ex meh... Half price still need 58... Tmr u still got time 2 buy meh...
Lol umm okay.
Ok. Going back soon... Stomach still feeling bad.
<#>  and  <#>  @ braintree
<#>
Dinner?! =D
Fuuuck I should really read this =/
Where are you?  Found transponder?
ll jus pass by at night.
Eh at nite I meet u Tampines one?Shd be are there.there got teadot got power plug.
Fits me meh?
Hi i hv trnsfrd rs  <#>  to ur ac.rnt of arun .he wil pay rs  <#>  next mnth.
Hee 1 then eat lunch
Qn 3, if A is diagonalizable. U never sub eigenvalues to dideigenvector. Both values give same vector so only 1 vector, can't span2x2 matrix
U gg?
Maybe. Of what?
Nnnnot positive
Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
Yeap just reached home! I'm going to sleep! Stomach pain again): butI feels like a different kind of pain! Haha no i'm really not curiousas to what's inside!
Haha ooo I just saw your msg! Hahaha yeah she makes me feel taller:Pyeah but that's like  <#>  bucks! I haven't spent the one I earnedfrom last time hahaha! But I wanna save it:P nono haha dun need,you're sick, should rest well!
Sup
When is sundown marathon
ll just cut off... SBS or something? are you a member of something? :)
Hee. I was just smsing u juz now. So happy can see u le
Hee. Ya lo. U go rest abit first.love u
Pack pizza and soda
You are my friend.
Haha still havent ask who want to watch eh.
I admit I made a mistake.
Haha alright! That's fast hahaha! Ooo icic! Good for them then haha!Yay xiexie!! Yeah, last time I went also got a lot of ants! Hahaha Iwonder how it feels like sleeping in a tent at the beach :o
Sitting near the dry provisions shop
Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly..
My friend just got here and says he's upping his order by a few grams (he's got $ <#> ), when can you get here?
Xt going with her.
Meter reading as on 1st January  <#>  is  <#> .
Hmm? I dunno how to get there!
I think I'll be there after 3 =/ I had to try to find my mailingaddress with no luck so I'm running way behind, so you can do whateveryou want
Srysry. Just now went to do some last min change to ppt. Need tosubmit by  <#> . Dun angry la baobao..
Haha when will I get results anyway? Haha just not F can liao haha myE8 really very depressing haha, doesn't even feel like I deserve theB4 for normal chinese Os haha._. Haha orh! What time you going to comeback?
Lame dog! I got new training programme le nxt time show u. Can buff up
Reached where u
Yeah ok! Anywhere also can, convenient for you can le!
Y d
Sure~
Good morning my bblpding ding girl
Lesson ends at 3pm.
Dear I go toilet first
"with better joints, you could have caught this bus" wow cool advert
s uni life?
Lol you are good at recognising them eh. Haha do you mean lim pei pei.
1) A <#> . A <#>  also, if possible. 2) Alvin Chia. 3) mechanicalengineering. 4) sunday preferably.
Yay. Ok try. Need to finish 2 lab
Number and graph theory free A lol
Den how I know where lol
Wish i were with you now!
It's me you should be surprised that i'm not planning to reach by  <#>
We will have breakfast from Bamba.. So plz don't have ur damn beef bun :D
Hi Andreu, Arunthavams number  <#>  . Pls send this 2 anna when u email.
Why so late de go hm
Icic. No wonder nv c u online. Stil thou of calling u last nite. Was very tired so slp at hm.
K no problem.
Yup... Okay. Cya tmr... So long nvr write already... Dunno whether tmr can come up with 500 words
Who? BTW nid do wad
Yes aunty. Eat already. Very nice. :-)  my mama also say nice
Wad flavor?? Die raining, how to get back to loft.
Yeah! They dun bite! But they eat a lot! Ñ they pee ñ poo a lot so very smelly!-joan
<#>
I jus left. Now on bus le. Kk ttyl
m booked liao... Paiseh...
We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
My back still aching. The alphabet exercise dam good
Hhahaha cannot relax eh, camp dates nearing already. Oh ya, pleasehelp me inform your gang as well.
I sent your maga that money yesterday oh.
Oh right I wanted to say my knees damn pain!
Lame
Ahhhhh im really didnt mean it.
DAMCO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Dear the thing not done yet  :-*
I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
Oh oh. Then where I meet you all?
Yup it's like only drizzling. Haha why nerd to get one? Spoilt?
I jst watchng cricket
S0nu tu ch0rhke aana na bhai
Its k
Leaving sch now for dinnet
It's okay lah. I anyhow do de. I think no need bah since our scrummaster won't be ard. Haha. Shuling needs time to do compiling too. Ivery slack one. Haha.
MNO case in exam loh. I think don't spend so much time to read it. Haha.
Ok noted
Only the one without the comments from others
Still don't know. Probably not.  Will chase.
銆傗槄銆傗�┿�傗槅銆�*銆傗槅銆傗�┾槄銆傦技锝滐紡銆傗槄鈥�* MERRY *鈥�* CHRISTMAS *鈥┾槄銆傦紡锝滐技銆傗槄鈥┿�傗槅銆�*銆傗槅銆傗�┿�傗槄銆傗�㎝ayyour Christmas be filled with joy and the New Year with abundantblessings. Cheers!
I go buy the cake first cause I scared the shop close.
Oh cos I creating a group for our sat group next time communicate usewhatsapp easier lol... nvm I try again later
Where are you... Light's arriving
Lol.when the next time I see u.hahaha.enjoy the day sillierrrrrr.haha.
No black
Why so sad? Chill
LOL I'M SORRY HAHAHA HAHAHAHAHA EPIC OMG!!!!!!!
No need to transfer, just get them view the attached documents thencan already. Yeah and then you bring over to him. Thanks!
Pig!
I just came back. I go bath first den call u k.
I sit at corridor.
We're in the alley
K... I tell u later...
I shld dotz. Where got ppl work is happy one. Haha.
Lol
Ahhh whereStupid confusing UM lol
Good take:)lot of all rounder
Thanks violet! :)
Hahahaha where are you now?
Ya finished working. But maybe next sun night i can't leh. If i'm notwrong, is jan.
Ya. Why
But I going police how say hi? Make me emo
Where r u all?
Ok. Drink water already. Just nw come home got slp abit, so I slpabit later.  Nite nite aunty, rest early :-)
Yeah. Yours arent? how come?
Hmm ok 7+ is fine jc's a bisshe that starts flagraising at  <#> h. But i'll be in sch from  <#> h anyway
Hhaha alright.
Okay have a good rest. I shant disturb you already. Good night, sorryabout it again!
Hey. We are meeting at the bread talk there ah
I still need red shirt
Novena no dinner buffet.
what are you doing?
Vadapalani Mandir Ji me  <DECIMAL> . <#>  ko prabhu bhakti ka karyakram Ayojit Kiya Gaya hai Dharm Premiyo se Nivedan hai ki Prabhu Bhakti ka Labha Le evam Jin Shasan ki Shobha badhave Place : Vadapalani Mandir Ji Date :  <DECIMAL> . <#>  Time :  <DECIMAL>  Pm to  <DECIMAL>  Mid Night
Lets use it next week, princess :)
You call him and tell now infront of them. Call him now.
Hee. Dun wan!  I want to tug u in bed. I give you  <#> . Moreminutes.... poke u!!
Shld be fine la, but its dangerously close to exams.
Are you guys staying the night?
U need com then pc clusters lor
Dnt lock
I sent u the requirements for both CoA and EE alr. Ask me if u don'tunderstand thks. Pls send me ur part by thurs!
Hahahaaa go chalet lehhh.
Waiting..not yet given question papers
Good friend....
BOEZ me 25 male chi.hw abt u?
Where u now?
Good night sleep well piggy!
Lol where u
Haha meet you at sim escalator?
How's your day been?
Wru
Jeeeeezzzz that sucks!
Rates gone up..  <#>  it seems..getting it now
Ah okay.
Haha its fine! My math teacher today abit not happy haha! No la theywere going back hostel so ask me take for them haha! Oh I want alesson to sleep in too!
Daddy... Fetch me at 5...
After you finished eating, go to ourspace to meet vincent first. Ihavent eat lunch I will join you guys a little bit later...
Sunday? I got restrictions from girlfriend too lah..
In office lor, ppl ask for prices n stock. U? Having lunch wif sister?
Slap!! I blame Swype!! You know what its supposed to mean!! Haha yeahI totally turned the wrong way!
Msn ?
I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
Be there in 10 min
Mummy want to ask you all your clothes wear le ah?
No... I eat lunch quite late... it doesn't matter la
Haha..ok. next time we meet up I return u
Hello i am back... Just got back last night. Looking forward to seeing ya all. Will call u soon. Elaine.
Da help desk pple email me n cc my sup say dat cgi not supported on e acct i applied 4... So i guess da sup surely thk i v stupid... So wat u doing?
Ohh shucks! Haha alright then! (: see you!!
Yeap ok I'll go tmr!
Come so枚n
Lols 2day holiday wad! But they all 2moro coming
Ohh right!!!! HAHA!!! Well I dun like complicated stuff so I shalljust avoid it:D omg I slept from my last sms to you until now o.o
Train lo
Later  <#>  wan go math?
Ok...
Rly? No need shoot birds? Nice teach me kayak!
Yes im but r ü rin ... Haha
Lgata hun .mama papa wbdc gae hue hain waise
Home le bao bao
Are we going to the premium one at two?
For you, too!
Can u tell him.thanks.
Sorry, I'll call later
so we confirm the venue next fri ok?
Hmmm... Thk tues beta... Mon not free...
Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  <DECIMAL> . <#>  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
Yunny dear u wan to go for ur nus law bash tonight after ur movie? Hee
Hmmm yh going room aft he bathe. I go now?
:-o yeah I saw haha
@Jeff I think [grizi] is more greasy... like 's' is like... [sːːːː]
Cheebye
Then they all die same time! Haha the speeches so full of smoke!
did u recharge your account
Oh is it.. Anyway can you give me a time to call on gtalk if I am not disturbing you.. I have a lot of questions in that tute and its a big fav.. :)
Lol of course not! He received the email as well. Ask him to printfor you eh hahah
How many pieces?
Ok i'll try
Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
Ok. 3 packs arriving around  <TIME>  --Your deliveryman.
haha but no money leh... Later got to go for tuition... Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
Ask glen catch some give Joel fish tank thks
Den use which dail up...
I just finish work. Make it my house bah.
So gd got course to go.then no nid work during the wk ah?MSN interview ba Tue nite??
Have you gone for your dinner?
Paisa agar hai to Haldi and Chaywanprash lete ana.
"Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen." (Ephesians 3: <#> ).
yea we need to keep playing it was fun
go swimming today?
Bye! Have a safe trip home!
opps.,sorry,forgot to tel u.. i think i smoked well for e test jus now.. hope can score. u goin at wad time? wan me to go wf u? im still in sch doin proj
t change no..
Haha probably not at the moment bah. Quite alot of things to do.
Have you reached?
Haha tempted... actually this phone also good lah... just that nogame to play lol then must bring itouch... I later go online seesee... no lah I  <#>  end 3 then got lesson T.T...wa Li hai!
Can I confirm you're coming to help us move from  <#>  Choa chu kangloop at  <TIME>  this morning?  Thank you!
Oh I know! Weird it's a thief pirate... it's so neat
Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
Ya u work on your audit first. Hmm.. I read le but it seems to bedifficult leh. I don't know whether if we shld meet earlier to discusson how to tackle this part leh. What do u think? If meeting, i'll getshuling n sylvia to read up too.
Dunno. My slot is at 4pm but i have lessons before that
No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?
Heeee hvhv. Ulcer also hvhv.
U finding lim TT first?
Ok.
Hi guys sorry change of venue!  <#>  in canteen (:
t feel so bad anymore. :)
I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
Ya!! You are spending alot le. Some more next month got so manybirthdays haha, including your own birthday also eh.
U come and meet mummy 4 breakfast ah...
Not sure, will let you know later.
Fine. Gt posted to SAFTI as a medic
Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
Thank u
Haha. Okay.... How late? I go buy tickets first?
Lol! But Rain stop liao right.
good bye
He says take bus  <#> ,  <#> , <#> ! Have to check where to stopbefore you leave though! He doesn't know how many stops!
In cbe.
Den?!?
come down
If posibl, rechrg in sm1's nmbr n cal me... Im totaly bcm poor. No money wid me... Plz do it if posibl....
m on qn 5 now. I go do e last one first then.
(CH3)3 CCl do wad de
Lol looking forward to that
Finished already; going home now
She said I looked super short!!! Emo!!! Haha he don't reallyunderstand chinese leh! It was okay, quite fun, I missed the hellishpart though!:D I have to go for it this thurs sadly! Going to bathenow!
Please tell maame esi to call me
ve got sme w me...
Haha ok ok! I have no bag again!
Go at 4 5 or come home at 4 5
im goin to see my grandma hse later, not goin home. cos my grandma sick... :(
Be always humble, gentle, and patient. Show your love by being TOLERANT with one another. Do your best to preserve the UNITY which the spirit gives by means of the peace that binds us together. Ephesians <TIME> ,3 Praise the Lord! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
Ok! No change bah!
Hey nw i got one program frm my dept frnd i am verifyin it .if nt i vil ask dat akka..thank u
Huh... Shall i join u?
Haha what did you eat! We are still having the lesson hahaha! I wantI want! I am so hungry now!!! Hahaha show you the pic later if anyoneuploads that is! Haha no, coz today no table 4 then they spill overthen our table taken by them, so I asked them to move then she said ina very arrogant voice "why don't you all just sit at the last table?"Zzz we sit at the front, end up have to move behind. Then the teachersand staff like don't care then I just bring my cluster sit at somerandom table in the middle lor haha. No one complain also, sowhatever! No I turn around looking for Chester then I saw, then sianlol
Milo van at central forum
Its okay! Nope haha I left sch aft nine to go db haha>< Friday? Actlwhere do you stay ah?
Hey.. Our cooker s slightly damaged.. So v r not lendin to anyone.. sorry
I noe suntec one got doggie puzzle, but dunno if got chihuahua anot... 300 pieces quite ok lor....
Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
Thx. All will be well in a few months
Eh u noe how to do the lab? I dun understand the qn wat is it askingus to do sia
Probably not, still going over some stuff here
AYE
supper?
Haha I was eh. You saw my message?
Nen em adiganu nu em cheptau ra
You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
n books/notes?
Sorry just now i was outside doing some packing.. So wat colour u choose?
Same to same!
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Lols I will rem
Aa na laude
36 no gal around to chat wif leh.
Are you meeting me today?
Okie...Where? meet tpy where?
Outside. Why?
Rest well kay sis! I'll pray for you! :D
Yeah should be ok
Hokay =D
s comfort delgro liao... Ya, quite near my hse... So u still workin at maxwell hse
Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
Was in weekly meeting till  <DECIMAL>  pm. And my call is on waitingnw. Pls mis cl me when u r free.
Which subject? Maybe I can give advice. Don't worry you still havemuch time for O levels, being disappointed now means you are alreadyhaving the correct attitude.
Shweta doesn't have number.. she says Arrchana told her
They say internal combustion easy but hard to score.
Baobei I juz on  <#>  . Sobs.  U go eat first. Later then I baobao u.
Hmmm... Mayb i go ur hse and get from u lor...
Po po ask u 2 go n take dumpling...
Just left home reaching mrt.lol.abit rush.so in the end got su the wat gem and ss?
Ehh, where you see the grp? I cannot find it lehs..
I'm alive yo
t worry...
Lol actually intend to go for tutorial de but sleep back lol... ualso everytime pon one say me! Lol sleep very late arh poor dweh jiT.T...
Hahaha SLAP YOU. sinus la! Hahaha we window shopping!
Hee. What show u watching? I also just now.. channel u got detectiveshow at  <#>  to  <#>
Hey weining is there a 2nd slot for the cip 2moro?
Haha okay^^ haha wow so late! Ooo okay! Haha I thought you wanna walk!
I did til i had to rush out like cinderella to catch the train, lol. How was dancing?
Why are u calling me?
I end already. everyone in dl. dunoo waiting for what.
National day celebration. Why swollen lol?
Yes, sir. Need I bring anything?
Thks :D
Haha what are you going to play at the concert thing! Haha it's okaylah, not good then dun waste money bah! Haha seriously? So bad haha!What!! Oh no I must asleep very unglam-ly! I wanna watch footloose!
Yup yup... Next bus stop
teri class ha
I have given to janani. Take from her
I btwn al gadbuds hapnd btwn us no... So i left...
Nop. Mayb I can't too. Got food poisoning
Hahah they cant escape already.
Oh oh then we meet wht time?
Haha I slept at the end of phys! Haha good for you! So how was yourpersonal statement? I'm going for duty now! Ehh no you still can'tpoke it!!!!!
Haha what thing dunno true or not! Haha maybe your phone thought it'sa website! Haha tmr I need to be back in sch by 1 I think! Or I haveto go direct to ayer rajah cc!
Ok. When its up tell me.
Lol im in class doing my work.
<name> haha
Yup... Wah. How come you choose comp sci? After discussion with parents and sis? What mod ü need to take? Ü need to take stats? And ü doing gem this sem ?
Then don't talk to me about things you just want sympathy on. Ever.
Hahaha who else eh. I dont know how to tell you names lol
When we confirm when we meeting then we arrange time again.
Fa sure :-) yo were there at home before two weeks na :)
K
Okie... Go suntec huh... There got one puzzle shop, but quite ex...
U wat time come back?
Haizzzzz
Heart touching Quote: Force can mak everythng possible in World, But it can't create single drop of Love in any 1's Heart.. - via WAY2SMS.COM
Boo u never buy me nothing!
Hahah. He so poor thing. Ask him go rest also. Slp then can forgetthe pain already
LOL probably. That's why got the vongola gears mah haha.
Mi 18 f chi u
Haha. Lady gagas music vidz r funy
Why you whole day didn?t on your hp?
<#> .
OMG IT'S NOT ME
Erm Nop I tink. But its okay de
Hahaha well... at least you guys know I'm not a liar =P
Haha pretty alright.. Had some stupid ceremony in e morning..trying to make new frens n neighbours lor..hee
S s
Mmhm =)
Would you like to participate next Meditation course starting from Saturday?
Hmmm... Okie lor... Den meet wat time leh?
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
Riser*
Meet u somewhere in engine first...
Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
Oh oh... Den muz change plan liao... Go back have to yan jiu again...
Hahaha omg sleepy on the first day!?!?
=P
:/ that's mean
Ok thanks!(:
Super da:)good replacement for murali
Hai . .i will not come tommorow to the class as my brother is hospitalized due to fever! Plz do convey it 2 ma'm! see you. .
Good morning bhai
aathi..where are you dear..
Christmas gift la!
We tmr or wed go book pdl and ftt? The job boring?
Hey odacker!pass down the msg!on  <#> th may, meet at GO at<DECIMAL>  and bus will bring us to rock climbing place!there willalso ne transportation back to sch at  <DECIMAL> :):)
Oic
can help me print lecture notes?
OK :-)
Niche aaja
We must try to bid for the same tut group.
Luv u
Ehh i didn't bring mbp today + going to perankan museum sorry
Leave a space and hole at the bottom lor And try to keep it balanced
what about u ass..
LOL. Who is it? I'm very curious now coz he say he know who I am o.ooh good right haha then he won't jio me:P haha cool! I won't dare todo that de! Haha nice! I'm not concentrating hehe!
Imma not sure. Shall ask Lewis. Ans the vid u showed me is wat age grp de
Ok.waiting time is <#> mins.meet u all there.
Katarni chura pe dahi or chini ki bochar , udi patang or aa gaibochar , mubarek ho apko makarshakaranti ka tuhar . Wish u happy DAHICHURA.
m free on fri and sat morn i thk... Haha, can always come nus to find me...
I jio-ed our sleeping column! Wanna jio the class?
dardar left hse?
Waa okay not... food poisoning ar?
Mesho on d way ache tui thak nursin home ta te.. mesho sate ashis
Gettin car fixed?
Ok I go sleep le call me if I din reply by 6 lol
What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
Ya.. but I took one only. If u wan I photocopy for u:-)
I would be late for 15 min
Should be can, u try go ebay search for some books to check whethergot people sell books online first?
LOL HOW CAN I HELP YOU MAPLE SYRUP
P
Vat the hell coming!
Hmm sorry I cant make it.
Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
Alright =/ fuck fuck fuck
Yup.
Lol my psycho test so boring one  <#>  min stare at gruesome screenthey flash left and right arrow I just press left or right omg... Inearly went crazy...
Wah seh. U make me hungry leh. Haha. Yup agree tt sardine is a gdidea n don't cook vegetables. Alternative is tuna + mayo? Haha. Canprepare tt n spread on bread. Tt's for breakfast lah. Just asuggestion. But it seems like u've a well planned plan! Great man. I'mreally fine with your opinions. Hopefully, i can try them out too.Haha. But u can manage anot? As in when teaching him? Just let us knowif u need help okay? Haha.
Sports or games
Not nw.
Lol Nth mch la. I gonna nap awhile
I am going to film 2day da. At 6pm. Sorry da.
maybe we can have lunch at arts canteen?
5 minutes
Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
LOL OHH PS I DIDN'T SEE YOUR EARLIER SMS! Someone was opening my msgsomg!!!!! Heehee!!!
Lols I like got no goal siaz. Everyday jus feel like playing. Hahanvm bout me la I m fine. Enjoy ur Friday :)
5 min
Hi elfie..tis is my num 97615390
Okay.
Sorry but personally I think this guy performance 2day is not beta than last few weeks. Yuh v. tou ru, but Daniel is beta Later tt stupid Xing Qing? V. funny.
TISSCO ,TAYSEER INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES SERVICES CO.W.L.L.,GG AL WAKALAT STREET.BETWEEN STREET  <#> & <#> ,SALWA INDUSTRIAL AREA.DOHA QATAR.PO. <#> .PH. <#> .
He can bath meh... Hiyo... Thk he dun lk to change place...
Anna at wat tim i shuld b redy 2 go 2 c tr?Let me knw.'entha sabaila p??itu prasangam pannikitu irukira?'
Leaving now, getting there around sixish
Haha I was thinking you might say that! I didn't dream, but sure hada sweet sleep!(:
I rmb what else to ask irene woon liao. When do we need to submit thehardcopy of the report.
Hey coming in  <#> . Sorry slight delay
Happy birthday..
m on my way liao... Hopefully wont b late...
Am n class
Moneymoneymoney! Prepared to sleep? Church tmr?
U promised not to emo one leh. Why like that now? Haha.
<#>   <#>
Ok! Lum Yeow heng!
Im not sure eh I havent reach home yet.
Haha icic!! Kyoto IS super fun! :D nanao is more rural though! So ifyou're looking for quieter places, nanao will be better!
yoyo how are u ?
SO FAST LOL
Mum later buy something back to eat. I lazy go market. Anything willdo. Thanks.
tune ana ha? main mohsin ka wait kar raha ho
Why so earlyyyy
I was last ended 4+
Slippers. Bobian
OOPS I missed by  <#>  mins!! Happy belated birthday!!!
Wish you and your family a blessed new year in jesus our king! Roshal
To have good fruit you must have a healthy tree : if you have a poor tree, you will have bad fruit. A tree is known by the kind of fruit it bears. A good person brings good things out of his treasure of good things and a bad person brings bad things out of his treasure of bad things. Matthew <TIME> , <#>  Hav a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST :-):-)
Hi Girl, Good Morning.I will call you when i reach office.
Ok...
Wat's ur plan today?...
He got worse than me.
Dont know eh I will call him tmr. Yeah kind of pissed because lots ofthings nv do.
LOL ON!
U wan come out later? All of us going out later. Join us lah.
Hey got space for one more seat?
Haha I haven decided yet. I meet u  <DECIMAL>  @ boonkeng mrt?
kk.. thanks. luckiky today don't have
Haha ooo okay! Chester and I are here le, gate 3!
Number 2 verify ur seat  <#> .
Ok thks!
Our pinky will confirm be gone, even when we live on
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
Haha im at upstairs eh.
Lol no he stay west.we going take <#> from there.
ek doodh le ana
Oh no I didn't.. do forward it..
i not sure when u free but i tell u that the cage is very big! Yeah!
Oops.. Sorry dear but i duno where noe..nvm.. U tell me e name of e building? Take train to cark quay?
I woke late and was panicking lol
Rajiv chowk
Eh u make me Emo. I have Pe pants u want?
Heeee orh. Sayang u. Where u le
No. No:)i dont know.
Aiyo, y she lk tt leh... She v broke ah... Den nvm lor.. But she can stay in town until we come ma...
Hug v^^
We should email him. "KEITH WE KNOW YOU'RE HERE DAMMIT"
You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
Wat r u doing?
I washing mine lols
7pm at lt <#> a.
Oh god that's true... she's probably not even going to care. Shedoesn't want to be sick (though it sounds like her normalridiculousness, a lot if people will ignore illness when they're tiredof our unfortunately)
Btw, GoT?
I'm bored lol
10q Don?t  buy anything for me. U stil study. So happy can receive your sms
Np ~ I moved out le! Err I think I'll be in sch on Wednesday!
:) my xiang xiang gong zhu bathe finish le ma? :*:*
Sorry I couldn't concentrate on convo just now ._.
Hey yin... U comin to c us off today?
<#>  actually
Shit! Who told d?
U gotta learn to read between the lines girl....
Haha good for you! Ehh what do you think? Haha she dismissed us, butI need to do my remaining hw haha! Yeah super smart right!
Lol and that will be?
LOL HAHAHA DIDN'T YOU KNOW I'M SECRETLY STALKING YOU HAHAHA
m free... We can celebrate jy bday
Helw budy.. I'm sunykriplani n i hvnt recievd d pr0dct yet.. Plz chk whn i'l gt tht
Lol I know. The results say I'm perfectly fine. Yay!
Calling all ex-ij girls:thanksgiving mass on 14 march,chij sec.pls come as it is e last time we seeing ij @ tp. Mass is after assembly.
One of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewhereSomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
Think got 6 category 10, 45, 50, 70, 100, 120. Weekend cheaper a bit. U n si c how, which day u all free then tell me.
DO U HAVE C <#>
Haha yes you should save up! Dont buy rings le lol
Ok. At  <TIME> pm?  We can't be out past  <TIME>  curfew from ourbaby :-)  see you there.
t make it tmr. Going to do my hair tmr afternoon. See you tmr night for dinner okie? Good Luck!
I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
Anna v r at maharagama...Mumy is fast asleep..Which place we should inform u at..?
Hey mom! Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you so much! I just                                played one of my original songs in the Wild Beast. This pop song                                   writer gave us all kinds of information on the industry, and advice on                             pop song structure. Super cool! It looks like the fafsa's all filled                               out, so I'm gonna talk to financial aid tomorrow. Thanks again!
Eh eh what type of videos.
Why nia??? Not happy???
Aiya aunty I just nw forgot I messaging u. Wanted to tell u to enjoythe food. But I heard the food quite nice right?
Wtf. Up alr?
Nope I don't have...
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
Yooo what time you going?
People are religious. They have beliefs. And not just because theywere forced to -.-
Khalid <#>
Yx,nicole,mf going out I think. But not sure where. Anywhere you wanna go?
*please
Lol is it something good or.bad? Hmmm haha sushi tei! U still wannaeat? Bedok point have arh... I dun mind secret recipe too
Yo so playing mahjong??
Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
Hey where ya
nope. havent do it yet. faint
Hahaha.. Nah, computer graphics.. I won't be stressed in math lecture.. Depressed should be a better word cuz I took it last sem! Lol..
y not i meet u at e mrt near ur sch? U goin there from ur sch rite? im on my way home from sch..
Started ta.
Just asking only, if tmr not meeting for dinner, den u eat wat? Cos i not sure my aunt there got cook or not?
Ha ha ha! Presents either are left on your bed or say EAT ME.
Savadikara
Thnx 4 evrythng..
where u wanna go?? bugis or orchard??
ohya forgt u gt tutorial. rem to eat ah
?wtf go where sia.
Coz I almost dieddddd!
You're most welcome!!
Nothing to buy, this few weeks also didnt shop much... Wat u doing?
We at  <#>  le. Where's hongling?
Further.. where u? Starting le
Notty lah. Haha. Anyway, its nice. Thanx. E wrapping is nice too.
Who is dis
Cdr and vdr which used in series and parallel
I've just reached.
s your progress?
Dar dar ah .. you were really wonderful today (and every other day).Hee. Get home safe and sound. Live my dear soooooooooo much.!!:*:*:*:*:*:*
m a bit confused lor...
Oh oh. Okay
Dear dear, you're really wonderful to me. Hee. My boy so smart today.:*:*:*:*:*:*. Go back must help your papa mama massage. Tmr I help youmassage.<3!!
Hail mary full of grace, the lord is with thee! Blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb Jesus. Holy mary mother of GOD, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of our death. Amen Have a blessed day ! :-)
I finished my lunch already. U wake up already?
Happy Valentine's day!Really? Huh
He Ni Xiang Ju De Shi Guang Zhong Shi Na Me De Duan Zhan?yeah! Mr. Moon? SMS dedication? Have a nice day? Btw do u have extra empty disks?
Eating
This chick isn't bad. Good song, keeps me entertained.
Haha too bad!!!! Dun let you hug ~~ haha ohh icic! Yay halfway therele! Haha no choice): ): haha scarly I sleep through the night again!
Haha I mega overslept:P hope you're sleeping well!
Poh yu quan.  <#> .  <EMAIL>
Hey guys, shall we've a quick run thru at 2pm for tml's demo. Or uall can let me know your preferred timing too. Thanks.
Hmm nxt week I not sure free not.
Haha i'm bored ~
Eh la I also play bball and eat with your frens. Guys don't matterthat much. Or u bring ur gf along den sit separately? Just think of itas hard-to-get seats. Aiya I'm done persuading.
vry Gud mornin.. hav a g8 day :-)
LOL
Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
orh..
Cya soon tacky zacky!
LOL NO LAH. EXCHANGE PROGRAM HAHA!
Hostel. Tot supposed to gym
THANKS TEE!
Hmm I will reach around  <#>  plus ba... yep! Nv tried it before sia...
Whos this am in class:-)
Dunno leh like so little pple reply -.-
Eh selling my ram for  <#>  tonight. Can help me update? Also put cpuplus mb at  <#> ? Thanks a lot. Slowly la.
2moro got wat test or quiz?
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <#> . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Lol! But like tat sunday we swim wat time? I dun wan to give u whole day, wan spend some time dating with books, assignments and home works, although i dun like them haha,u ask see got others wan join or nt bah
aiyo. sayang u la. why u walk. bus come quite frequent de mah.
Fwd: Hi!pass down the msg!meet at  <DECIMAL>  on friday!we r goingcycling!!!ppl who are interested to run randomly aft cycling can tellmoni!^^
R u at ratnapura? Text when posible. Its raining here on n off.May God bles u.
teachers are the best friends of students
heheh
s the motivated one doing ?
Haha... ü must look at the updated sheet also leh
Who is the 2nd spinner for csk.
Got less pple izit...
What happen
Sorry I think tonight cannot, and I not feeling well after my rest.
LOL JUST DIE HAHA ENGLISH TOO AWESOME EVEN FRED WANTS TO MARRY IT
What r u doing?
Not sure. Might be able to I hope.
Coming back now... In 40 min... Ya, received oredi...
S
Hey
Got fire drill
Good nite. I thought u'l talk 2 me.
HI THE SERIAL NUMBERS ARE IN THE TEXT FILE CALLED INSTALLATION GUIDEFOR THE RESPECTIVE EXPANSION PACKS!:D HAHAHA MORNING!!
Npnp (:
Yeah can ah. Okay what results slip you need?
Yeap okay! (:
Hi, Can u send me the correct diagram for tut 3? Thanks
Greed is Chris Patton!
Yeiyei u where le
Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
Haha yup.
Hhahaha her life probably suck alot you know
What an asshole
Cigg rakha hai, mere pas paisa nai hai
I love u too Dearest!! Tt! Hee hee:-*:-*
Nabei kia
Of course lah, he so big..u at home now? Aiyah, later i call u.
MATTER
I think station at booth one loh. For 2 wkends only. U interested, Ihelp u ask her.
Yarrr distance is no prob... which bus stop ah?
Tell me if you care
Can't nid celebrate grandma bday lols
think i go jo house. dun wan to be extra la. so bright.. enjoy.. see if later you wan play cards with us a not
Wait... did Fakir loss his sword? .-.
s around ür house there.
Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
Always Rememb.. Sorry works when a mistake is made.. but sorry does not work when the trust is broken.. So in life do mistakes but never break the trust. Tc
Toss vesa mande win come fast
Mr lee when is the open house agn?
I am out here
Bro kuch hua kya ip0d kya?
<#>  eat nuggets and drink free milo?
What do I get for being first?
Oh my new job hvn start,so resting nw.Iras job end on tues.I going find jos nw.
Mr lee can I start at  <DECIMAL>  instead?
He said that was his inspiration xP
Great. So should i send you my account number.
Hi meng yee
Are u at home? Or outside?
Did you get my text love?
Yes soon you'll forget all about me
t rush.
Yeah unless still got people eh.
i anything. dunno them . btw my fren din get the module, but her frengt it. still gt slot for 1 girl?
Tmr then ü brin lar... Aiya later i come n c lar... Mayb ü neva set properly ü got da help sheet wif ü...
How come start of semester ptm?
You want to sell? You mean buy?
Hahahaha thanks for the comment.
Youtubes pup
Who u tokin abt... Mill haven, daddy dunno...
Well, I meant as opposed to my drunken night of before
Only pool rite
Data is on espace my dear! Hahaha chem is boring!
2nite den ask
LOL. Yes just for chinese D: in sch, he wanted to come my house fetchme but nvm lah haha since I handing up chinese, wait for him awhilethen go!:D
U want me to ask for quotation for both pedals? Pedal pads also?Anything else? When u coming to school today?
Ya of course. Haha. Omg he said that he wanna further comment onother parts! I thought of printing our document tml leh. Haha.
We r at siam centre... Where to meet u?
Finally enlisted liao... To civil defense... My camp cannot bring hp so can onli contact me on sat and sun... So lets keep in touch... =5
Are you there in room.
Lp nw at kenneth hse. Den he drive all of us bk to hse. Luuuub u
Thank you very much, jew jueh! Haha.
JIO YOU NOW!
we want to go to your place for bbq tonight... how about that? can call home now..
Got it 4 s 2 b 2 c 1 e 1 u..data structre
Why can't ? Oo internet too slow?
Gav the sample...
Lols gambling now
Wotz dz?
Haha icic! What do you mean? I'm confused! Nope we haven't finishhaha, if you tired then go back first bah, if not can join us atcentral library! Hilda tay wants to eat dinner!
Dear u wan eat in ntu or go other place eat? Reach where le? :*:*
Haha sorry I don't leh! >< oh so serious one ah! Hahaha sorry my dadcoming to fetch me after concert so can't join! have fun though:P
Noo come!!!!!
Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
Ok
Hi Andreu, good morning! Found the receipt? May God bles u.
Tues if im not wrong!
Hey this week got wat hmwk
hey you going for eng tmr?
Haha.. u so busy.. we put on weekend bah. Sat?
Ya... you wanna wear cv yet you worry about to put them together?l
How to lern us
Now?
Ohh I see. At night ah. Then what are we gonna do during the day? arent you going home after today?
Haha even if i'm hungry also won't eat! Okay okay tmr we eat!(: hahasee so it works! Are you home yet? Sorry late reply! I was searchinghigh and low for my physics notes:P haha it's fine, after that then wego? No wonder Raghav asked if you study liao!!!
Nop not going. Nvr sign up also
Thks! Lols I only have pussy 5kg fixed weights. Omg I too awake now
Got one person Justin lor I do with him b4 but he maybe gt group le
Hee dont be distracted by ppl...
Ila d.tomo oly.u?
I can't xP
Lynette says she's interested to play eh. But she's on the way homenow. Later will confirm again.
Hey wat are the dimensions for the patchwork
Nxt stop simei. U going out ar
What's e progress of the singing idea?
Sorry just woke up... dunno leh like so little pple reply -.-
Yeah morning and night. Cant sleep that long in hostel.
No u need to apply. Maybe c u wanna share wif e common room tenant.
Hi Stewart, we talked to some renovation companies who advised usthat the renovation may take up to two and half months.  We'llprobably need your help to talk to Desmond to extend onlease on theWarren unit a few months if they are agreeable.   Thanks.
Eh final confirmation, so u on for sunday-monday msia right? So faronly me u weeann, easy to talk.
Aight do you still want to get money
When someone is so sweet to u, don't expect that they will be like that all the time. becoz even the sweetest chocolate Expires. Gudmrng
How are you?
Dont think so.
Wahhhh super early.
Idiot just shut up k.. I told her dat i am gonna send msg to my school frnds n ask..after dat only she askd her school frnd in gtalk..but i didnt ask ma frnd after..sterday only i askd..
Oh... So cant go ur hse bai nian ah?
Ooo okay!(: haha yoyo! I just bathed finish, so shuang!
I dun tink so. Ps going back soon
Lols i tink i fell sick from today's snacks. Yea he won aft tt lols.Like $ <#>  in all
Hey what time did i tell ü to meet ah
Batok. Tell pig i need chem saving later.
It's weird if only one guy goes right!
Hi Ricky, Mr Kan here from 4 verde crescent.   Checking on you to seewhether you have the rough proposal ready, as we need to know thetimeline for the reno (we may have to extend the lease). Please let usknow soon.  Thanks!
K le
Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
Nah I booking tonight
Okay cannot say then dont. Oh well you just say say to comfort me nia
m going back to his place after my dinner..
Go home safe! (: chibi loves her ryan!
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
OH MY YUCK
sia I dunno ler.
Oh... Ok lor... Den when she can make it... Oh,  e qet is on wed izit...
Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... U 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
Lol didnt. Dont get bothered by her words eh.
Call when free
I just got off 96 cos it took damn long to come and it was super slow. Prob reach in twenty min
This coming fri morning u free? But I cant confirm yet, just asking uin advance.
yup i got an email from them. sorry.
Well... Izzit true for u?
Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
Lol you go over cally house first bah
Ooo. Realli!!! So Thank you of u. Cos I have no ideas where to edit photos . Cos see the 利青show, inside gt edit photo like putting our face into ppl body and even can make our eyes big on the photo. Can put make up also. Hehe
Reached home le dear:-)  love u!!
chica, go home rest
m going out 4 dinner soon..
Where are you? We could meet there, but I'm in Doe if you're nearer
Hey u sleeping soon?
Finally you have graduated.  Haha. Happy for you all
m jeff here...care to intro pls...
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
He kena infected lol!
Near imm
Hihi sorry! I'll be late, ard  <#> ><
How come? I got Pe lol
<EMAIL>
Simply sitting and watching match in office..
Hi Ricky, we will be up in  <#>  mins.
Ya, late
On 198 now
<#>  s ur numbr.cl customer care. <#>
please give me your e-mail. i will share some important info regarding journalism
My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
Ya rehearse until late de lo... no lah I woke up le lol... wa cabagain sob sob sob
B4  <DECIMAL>  pass... B4 netwrk gt bzy.. B4 u gt bles frm d god.. B4 sm 1 wish u 1st.. Im gona wsh u.. Frm Deep f my heart "Happy... Happy... <#> "
Where are you now?
Ur dog very naughty lei... He cant shit all at once one lei... Muz shit 3 times very tiring one lei...
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Besa Pustina to you: ADD OUR MOST LOYAL MEMBERS In this list bellow we have putted our most loyal players.. Please send them a request...(reply n" for next)"
Where you having lunch? Maybe we go home first
think dinner zi4 ji3 gao2 dim3...
No!
K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
Ok c u then
Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,& I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
who is going ñ é details of é outing? I know nothing abt it leh! Tell me!From what time to what time?
Happy birthday!
Ohh fainted training was in the morning!!!
Please reply to my email
hi ric
Starter kid bag- <#> , makeup kid brush- <#> , papaya shampoo- <#> , fair cream- <#> , aloe gel- <#> .Total- <#>
At home lor.... why?
U coming?
Haha princess will become queen one day! My queen! Lol... wow  <#>hour so good! Lol... sleep more then skin smoother lol
Pls give me the website name for checking meeting schedules.
Haha okay! Oh no then how! Eating lunch?
Yo.. u not coming for lecture?
Hey babycakes! I'm in the cafeteria :)
Yo sorry was in the shower sup
yar jo file ka scene ha...file test wale din ban jae gi ya pehle banwani parti ha?
hehe .. will let u noe once we decided ...
Seating ard e same place.
Same
ll do fine. Hug you. ?
afternoon
Thanks bro :-)
Uhh i'll settle
Ok np man...research liao then pls narrow it down to those are moreapplicable for us....thanx a lot...
Din! Haha time to reschedule.... but nvm lah din deduct mark one notlike marketing lol
<#>  min I think. This chanting thing is madness
Good!! Man I hope she don't rage at you anymore ><
Ok :)
Ohh my some random person in your house answered my call! Iaccidentally called! Haha 4 pm! Yeap I asked him!
Ok. You're early!
Mall near mrt.
muacks! kiss u many many! laogong reach home tell me, then wedisscuss plan for tmr k
Alright yesss maaam!
Haha yeah dun need:P haha shouldn't you practice until super well?
Tie I not sure. Just bring in case
SA  <#>  for 6:)prince gone:)
Aplictn likhi kya?
Yo
:o about who or what? People disturb you?
have a good day
Can meet 4 dinner then chit chat a bit lor... Up 2 u lor since u already outside... Can u make e decision...
Psh
Lols! Kk but I  <DECIMAL>  nid come back do project
Oki .. he meant ly.. coz he sound angry frm wat u typed. So if jh okthen u go email jin lo. I anything de
We just leaving lck...
Shal i cal
Lea hi intro?
Hi can we confirm this week tuition to be on sunday  <#> pm?
your joke not funny
Pretty sure its 1st n 2nd.
Zsa. <#>
Kidhar??
She didn't feel it when she said wat.. den dao her msges lo
Hahaha I fell asleep studying oops! Are you awake?
Yeah finished meeting le.
Bye
Gyming at sch. Aft exam den jio u!
Duno u give me the wrong add or i enter wrongly but cant go that page.
Dunno le... Got something to do?
When you wanna have dinner?
Wow ... I love you sooo much, you know ? I can barely stand it ! I wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... I think of you and miss you
For what
And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
Ok.
end ke 7 question kar deta ho
Boooo you always work. Just quit.
Should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. Should i buy him new or used. Let me know. Plus are you saying i should buy the  <#> g wifi ipad. And what are you saying about the about the  <#> g?
Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
Where do you want to book? I check with my aunt if she willing to book for us!
U reachin oredi?
Slept ?
Sad sia. Just now took A2 bus right, ming fong came up and stood infront of me but she doesn't recognize me leh. Haha. What is doddle?
Will call later dear.
Hi guys, would it be too much of a pain if I request for a meetingshift to  <#> pm. These Iie fellows postponed practice and all mymeetings are getting pushed.
LOL hahaha maybe I'll throw you a phone!!
faizan kazi ka number send kar yara
Good canine. There will be a test for u nxt week
Kk then when nearing 6th april we then see we wad time going down??
Stupid.its not possible
Dillon said okay. So sign up billy u me yq dillon lo
Ya sure..  <#> pm works
Tere liye mai gher nai gaya, ab tu ..
Hey, no need call sylvia liao. She'll be coming back to little indiato meet us. U go directly loh. We meet u there. Chop table if u'rethere earlier than us. Haha.
Yes.i'm in office da:)
Yeap I pissed to her!!!!
Yup ok... I noe, surprised u still remember... U sleep early too...
Haha finish the 1 hour de le... true... eat more! Haha dunno leh udecide lo... or this sat also can! Lol
Hey gls, please make sure your participants have their breakfastbefore bringing them to lt <#> b. Thank you! Be at lt at  <DECIMAL> amsharp please.
Ok lor... But buy wat?
Ya
Hahas! Shiok
m back
Yea thks! Will find a date to meet ya soon eh
t be there with you today but just know how very proud I am of you. love u sis..
Eh sorrie mi didnt noe u called...we r not having dinner together....mayb meet another dae ya....take care..
Good evening. Please note that there will be no classes on Sunday since i have to go out of Colombo. By Tc.
From not grin *
Haha I tink u see the map shld see de bah... I also late T.T...
HaPpy biRtHdaY ! My DeAr GeLEk QUEeN... your birthday OfFicially starts NoW !
t know. Why do you call me?
Funny i did send. I wanted ask u if i jus go there trim will they laugh cos like wait there so long only cut a bit. Can u ask e date first then i c how.
Ok! Lg at yew tee le.
Race 6 -8 Realistic never win for 1 whole yrs. but ask saimee to try outsider chance. ever won wet 3 time 1200 n 1400. Out do not bet big jame seed.
Hi niny how r u?
Okay. Will try to go to school today still.
Yup. Woah get from my mummy eh. Cheaper leh
<#> . If I'm not wrong.
My darling sister. How are you doing. When's school resuming. Is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? Do take care
So means we gt to end by  <DECIMAL>  har
Go back hostel 1st
<#>   <#>
Hi Ricky, we're here.  Thanks
next thur 7 aug free for dinner or not? xf and me treat u people
I HATE YOU HAHAHA!! WATCH AGAIN:D
Block 221 Boon Lay Place
Oo..kk ..think I sit daddy car go also. Hehe. Night night..
Okay. If you dont see the point then just tell me you dont wanna meet up.
Wah so late? Haha you want to wait for me eh? Im still waiting for bus dey.
Eggs. I dont think this flatfish will grow that big. See if can evennurture it for so long.
Hey u at home? Can I go collect ur house?
That's so awesome! I'm excited for you! I'm aaaaaaalmost done copying :)
Huh I thought your exams over by may. When's your last?
Haha nope! Ehh not yet! Still at woodlands, just reached! Yup hestill in hostel!
Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
Tell that after 3rd mid semeste
ok, auntie. you wearing formal tmr?
Printed le. Looks nice. Haha.
Yeah =/
Happy new years!!
I dont think sun fire can lor cos u it cant run jsp like t. Or u can upload 2 e yahoo one first try can or not. Leona shuhui online?
6 wht
Nice tt will be my gyming attire frm now on
Aiyo... Wawa, wat were u doin tonite ah.. Nvr join our online chat... Tsk tsk...
Hi Andreu,hows party going on? Is it over?
Dbl check wif u lt <#>  for surname wif m onward right
Cool, text me when you're ready
Hurr your brother is with me
May this newyear sparkle with moments of love, laughter and goodwill. And may the year ahead be full of contentment and joy.happy new year.
ll call u all when i finish...
Haven yet la... 330 den board wat...
Hey hey exam finish le hoh.btw,when ü wana go to e exhibit.btw,my ma wana c oso.ñ hor,ü ñ fion present still wif me.haha-i nex wkend nt free got canvassin.
Laogong, u made my day so wonderful! Get home safe ah! Love u deepdeep! Hee. I'm so happy to have my baobei
Ok ill send you with in  <DECIMAL>  ok.
Hmm not sure eh. Are we getting for both of them?
Haha I cannot afford to fail chinese again haha if I do I will reallybe devastated haha:/ haha yeap chibi!(((: I like it! Hahaha!
It says your offline
Okie gals our burfdae cannot make it tmr.. So changed to tue.. 10am at toa payoh bus int.? She wans to go ecp.. Everybody can make it? Hee
Eh...why u lock inside? U got go out tmr?
Oh I dunno maybe he was attempting a raghav:P
5 min me aya
That's make sense lol
J . Law n O which was name in use in GS stable in 1972.  the owner had passed away.  31 yrs. His son spent 140k to purchase is a sovereign for his father.
I sent it at 7+ you goon....u shld check ur hp more often.
Hey mei... Thanx 4 e gift...Muz tell me when u free ah... Den can go mum mum together, dun wait till hols la, still far...
Haha also can! Suibian! Haha ok ok I try my best! But I think I willsleep early then wake up around 3 or 4 to study!
Yeh.
Have you eaten lunch yet
Me male
Hey girl you coming straight from home is it? For eng ?
<#>
I dunno... Haha, she haven reply... But u noe xin la, she near oso late one...
U takin bus or drivin?
Yeiyei bus dum fum.oh come le. Weeee
SET. Hardcore on hard core
Hmmm... Tonite cant...
Hmm.. I meeting ly they all for  <#>  in the afternoon. So shld be ggfrom school.
Yeah just had lunch
Wowowow nice shitz. Thks
hello francis . this the world. how to help u  by keing these sms
Tomorrow at 3 :) just need to make sure my Russian's in good shape.                               Haha I don't know if that'll happen
Der
Okie.. Rest well then.
Good night:)
:D
GOD has made us what we are, and in our union with Christ Jesus he has created us for a life of good deeds, which he has already prepared for us to do. Ephesians <TIME>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-)
I outside haven check yet!
How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
Can i wait for yeiyei at the bumbum of the train? *insert whine*
Ok.
Like 5 plus 6
Aiyo y thnx n al no probs
Yeah but you gotta be more proactive. Get a thumbdrive to me :))
But I feel bad x.x if I didn't ask you then it wouldn't have turnedout like that!
Yes dr.
Im going out for dinner later eh.
Haha... Kaiez, take care den, poor guy...My day ah, okie lor... As usual, slackin at home...
Yup. Anyway monday you not free eh?
Hey u at home? Can I go collect ur house?
Yeah I was thinking about that too XD i'm not weird!! You are!
Nope eh. =(
Haha yeah! later I show you what he said :P sleep more?
Lols too early today
Goodnight da thangam I really miss u dear.
Haha going to cont like tat till finish the products.haha.Pek cek sia very time consuming.eh keynote I Bo bao got.I think is have but I dunno where I put the file.lol.must find.
It was totally accidental!!!
U draw on a3?
They turned off my phone this morning but its ok. Got my check today and paid my bill =D
Hahaha so you got ask ryan?
Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 going out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
APPLY RBZ <#>
No! I going someone. Los u slit wad hairstyle
Wat the. I wonder wat u have been doing man
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Oh okay. Where re you now.
OK sure..we are here..
Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
Ah OK. Will miss you then.
In KBC, Amitabh :- Ab aakhri sawal 1 crore ka. what is ur father's name? Santa:- Hasne laga? Amitabh:- Has kyu rahe ho? Santa:- Saale option to de.
Six Feet Under. It's a kinda family drama show. Yeah buffering rate is downloading rate. Downloads as much as it loads.
me still in singapore. super best hor.
I tio food poisoning siaz. Dun watch movie le. How bout pool?
LOL HAHAHA HER VOICE IS COOL
The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
Aiya. V fast one. Graduate le also v sian one loh. Okay lah, freethen treat u eat. Haha.
Hey can meet at  <#>
So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
Hehehe! drinking chocolate milk!
Again problem in my mobile to connect net:)
Nvr.
raaste main
Nope, they wun be going
WTF?
Haha never say hi!? Happy cny to you too! ^^
Hi awake?
Its my pleasure... Congrats.. u done it na.. keep it up nd all the best...
I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
Haha I don't know, I got to control ball during attack today, but Ididn't do it v well! Also very bad at supporting! Haha jyjy! Sorryjust saw your sms! Haha huikang let me bring his paddle home today,can use until next year, so fun! Sadly not going training liao haha!The paddle is 2m I think!
Nope sorry):
I swear i nvr. Haha. Okay okay. Anyway, the ghim mor market is famousfor their food too. See u on monday then!
quicktime 6.5 out liao
Flying~kiss for yei yei!
Haha ya lo Ty! Here the rain just stop! Haha good weather for.a nap!
mom, where is rr right now? tell him he need to go here, someone is looking for him, cant contact him. is he at home right now?
Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
Oic... So how are you spending national day?
Okie lor... Cya at 930... Nitez...
Forever. Jus disappoint
Raj: Meet my wife. Ajay: I know her. Raj: How? Ajay: We'd been sleeping togethr. Raj: What the Hell ! Ajay: yaa,  <#>  yrs ago. -In history Classes !!;-)
Ok. Then i get ready 2 get out now.
I cfm with laura n shuling then update u again?
Yes going!!!!! :D
s tut...
Simi lj? U get full marks alr la! I study  <#>  mins go slp le
Yeap I love it and hug it to sleep every night.
Em ledu
Uob plaza lah -.-
My dear, i m still having meeting... Add oil, will pray for u...
Y
U in school liao?print a copy of the slides later give ah neh.lol.
Haha sorry! I managed to study quite abit so yay! Haha I dun want todrop ap stats! I dunno leh, maybe I'll talk to lee siak cheong aboutit! I have 2 chem hons modules in sem 2 and 1 bio hons if my appeal issuccessful! So not very free also ah haha:P
Seriously though, Ohala wasn't Ohala when he was  <#> , he was John,and Hyman was Larry and Garrett was probably Andy or something =P
Okay can. I call cally?
Hahahah I thought you meant the people outside
R u over scratching it?
Y 4. Ts at 6
Home le!!
Wow! alone?
And do you have any one that can teach me how to ship cars.
Sure! I'm excited to hang out!
Sorry coming
Soon you can get a good night's sleep at home
ok
Not sure yet, but probably if possible.  We can also brief thenseparately.  Will let you know.
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
Where u
s nus.Oam.Sg
Please start first. Only leaving now and need to get petrol.
Rs. <#> , <#>
If u need A+ blood group, i'm ready to donate and can exchange wit O+ ve..
Wahh pangsehhhhhhhhh
Good good.. ok la, not super busy.. think I Sunday then can come. Satgg temple with family then celebrating my friend's bday.
Haha which end?
I wandered around for a while and have my number to people about mywallet and did homework stuff haha
ü ah. I oso enjoy tokin today.i muz go ür house ñ visit doggie.heh2-e first one.heh2-
I tink ok for me
e taiwanese actors r good. Actually quite creative la? Xu Shi Lin blur blur one. Qing Xiao Xiao is like her granny, swindler
YES LOL I DIDN'T SEE IT! One of them opened all my msgs!!! Np np:D
what's wrong? call me when you can!!
Only pool rite
Out
have a nice day..cya tml
I mean the question 5 lol
I dnt thnk u r much truthful 2 me...
Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
Nhi pata. Thodi der me batate hai
??
:)
"Anymore"?
Still with friends, probably end past  <#> h
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
At the funeral home with Audrey and dad
To better understand my project lor. The male creates a bubblenest,then boths sexes wrap their bodies around each other. Then thefemale lays the fertilized eggs and the male grabs the eggs and placesthem into the bubbles.
Lol
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
s ur studies going on??
Hey I nvr go for the movie later cause I got an urgent projectmeeting tmr morning. Then needa prepare.
Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
Nvm la. At the most if not enough participants then cancel camp lo.
LOL BUT WE WON'T BE ABLE TO SOLVE IT.
Whr ru?
Sardar galti se samundar me gir gaya... Doobte doobte uske hath me machli i....use pakad kar bahar pheka aur bola "Ja tu toh apni jan bacha le..."
Ok thks!
Er on e 9th.. Still got 1+ wk.. Ü ending soon? Lucky ü! Thanks n gd nitey! eh wat did ü apply as 1st choice? Me business.. Did ü apply smu?sorry so many qns!
Ok haha
are you at home?
U go first bah. I now going bathe. eat le then leave home.
Okay sure (:
see that:-)
What's up.
Lol.. almost done no?
Do u knw d meanin of dese words:*Girlfrnd*Lover*Wife*Ex-GirlfrndVery Simple:*Pre-Paid*Post paid*Lifetime*Missed call .!!! xD
What, just? Haha cool! But I think they are weird:P haha yes coz mymum turned the aircon off so it was hot!!!!! Hahaha I did one qn :)
Hey I received your email. Haha I think shouldnt be a problem. Ichanged some of the names and will send you back.
Nvm la den do without him lo...
Good morning! :) i jus did my test.. dun hav enough time to do it.. haiz..
The first 1 !!
Can i use short form ?
S:)s.nervous  <#> :)
Ya ya:-):-)
Brb dc! I dun use short bow but thanks anyway!
ll go find u after 2pm ok? where will u be?
U go home and take a good meal hor
More or less, yeah
Haha who told jawads fathr?
Where is the meeting da?
5more minutes.. Erm where u?
Can help buy food back?
I vil cum at 8 only
ya OK da.there is 7pm at sathyam. That might be better.. ea is  <#>.. kinda late no?
You going funan to buy?
Huh then??
Okie... So cya at our class outin lor... U goin rite...
Pool and carpark quite unattended
Yup. I was just checking whether it work on 3G or nt. And it is working.
Blk  <#>  west coast lift lobby. Wil remind u again on Monday. Lis
Haha really? Why so random!
Boo I off le.
K come fast. Need to do run through
mobile ki sim wali assignment deni ha? ya sir ne josh main keh diya ths
不是啦，觉得那句话用华语来说比较有意吗！哈哈哈冷笑﹏ 可以去关心你的家人！晚安！朗星！哈哈！
Ha
Juz go check ur mail =)
Can't le many ppl running later no one help ms lee aggro
Okie! Shall go see later! Haha we go jian fei first then when u come back jian somemore! Hee haf fun!
sorry i don't understand what u mean..
Are you alright? Still in the queue?
Can meet u for a while?...i show u my paypal acc page can?...haha...
Just get any 5v source. Digital pin also can
Wow what the:/ is she okay?
Them*
I found it.. Thanks..
Send me it. He said okay. I can forwad it.
Do you work all this week ?
Lol dunno up to them, really
Hope u r on the way. Miscal on reaching rum.. May God bles u.
A little. Meds say take once every 8 hours. It's only been 5 but pain is back. So I took another. Hope I don't die
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!
Nub siaz
Finish liao... U?
Uhh still stuck but can help pack set first :p
Today we meeting for dinner at 730 at crystal jade... Can u make it and how many coming cos we making reservation
ll be late
Dearest tell me when  u finish ur tuition
I having speech day
Hahaha really ah so sad! Its  <#>  but I'll be late haha :P
Short answer again... u pissed again arh... sorry lah I just dununderstand y even something as informal as fb u also want to laugh atmy English...
Sounds yummy!
you know any good c programming websites ?
Yuo konw waht is rael frndship? I m gving yuo an exmpl:just c tihs msg. Evry splleing of tihs msg is wrnog. Bt sitll yuo can raed it withuot ayn mitsake..Gd ni8..
Okay sure.
Dunno leh I random suggest suddenly all super on! Haha since u alsonot.very interested in that movie and wq wanna watch also... but gvpopcorn not nice
Did u receive my msg?
No.zh for bang
Need late fooooood
Haha I hate youuuuuu! Haha okay! Chem quiz really today._. I forgotto write oxidation number, but its over so oh wells!
Yup cancel can. Had a troublesome sunday with that guy though
I place it under table lamp for the whole day.
Please call the number indicated below. Please speak to ___________.
ve been walking around like that since morning... So paiseh .
Yup
Eh don't 4get to bring the $ for megaupload tml so that I  can passto yuhui.  <DECIMAL> .
Lol okie we meet at city hall mrt then... really arh how u noe?
Ok dear! Love love u!! :*:* I just woke up. Hee
Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
No I don't want to this is such bullshit why does this shit alwayshappen to me
How come so late one ur camp... Wat  camp is it?
Art room
Long story.
LOL are you serious hahahaha we just left yishun. Hahaha dun want tostand out too much also! See how hahaha :P haha yea mine! Okay!
Hey whats the number of the sailing girl? Can send to me? Peiling
Don cum..
Aniletta kindly let me know on 17th @ what time u will b passing kannur, wch train ??
m watching soccer rite now..
Yeah!
Hey dont think I can go sls today eh. Need to go friend's house.
Reached le. Lols timing off agn
So u all manage to form a grp for IT proj management?
Oh that OK.. not sure abt that :-) I think this should be visa.. notsure though
Hey odac diff grp ar?
Do you have a CD burner and cable?
Eh u when come back. Joel yh not coming 2day zzz
Gal, u wearing jeans- my jeans ready liao...
LOL WHAT, FULL OF AWESOME????
Lols k!
Haha I think I will apply for it, but dunno which modules to applyfor! Haha yeah awesome rain! Not yet, like maybe 3/8 through:x it'scrazy haha have you seen the notes? Haha I never play it before! Playaudi! haha well if I dun learn now I might be slightly disadvantagedin the future so! Haha might as well!
WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
I'm just concerned la.
s a lousy show..
Hav u left home?
Not sure where and not gonna last that long I believe. After all whatcan we do
Looove u bbbbbbblp!!
Wth wat exam
Lol I wont be meeting him leh.
Worksheets 2c up till arene onlywhere got Williamson
Hey every1 wats up?
Poo. Time to save up $ <#>  for a spoiler.
Okay bring ball
Father is sick. Please inform sister as her mobile is now switched off.
I might buy a second comp battery
Hey, where're u all?
Fst tel u r u ? Then i wil cum
s the price they pay u previously ar?
Haha oh tan gim yong is epic hahaha he's sc teacher, so came toattend our interviews for the new people, then he came in sandalshahaha! Wow was it difficult:/ haha no next week!
Lol meeting tanck now for quad etc
hee still walkiny to lt
Lol bo liao la you
Dr Tang LOL. Good for you.
My painting almost done liao. But my house outside havent start yet. Haiz....
u eat, but i c only...
Ask those worked DOs that time one lah.
Tomorrow night.
Having lunch and thinking of you... Haha.... :p enjoy yr day then.
<#> .Veverset place n  <#> ,havelok rd, pamankade,col6
You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
Ya prolly. Exam soon sad plus math haven finish teaching
Haha.. Which boss?
You guys still looking for a roommate?
Lol me too
hey guys, be reminded tat we meet 1030 at library
Oh sorry please its over
Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
I dun mind. How find course? Or u wan muay Thai lols. Only got time for one
Yo today can mahjong mah
I can't watch 8 til Wednesday... aarrrgh
take CS4264 next sem?
I miss you too. I love you so much
<#> /- ho gaya
The new covenant of GOD to his people is JESUS, who is looking for sinners, to love them, forgive them, live inside of them and give his spirit to them. Praise the lord ! Have a blessed day ! :-)
Call her now
so what your parents say?
thanks u, brother
Hey can buy tickets for 6 people?
Save me a seat if u're going. At presentation now haha
So u wont be touching mechanics also la. Should be in school.
Looks like you dropped alot of hair.
Wat ü doing tml? Want to go out?
Did u wrote program in dip
Haha you wanna go xt house?
hi guys, shall we meet in PGP @ 9?
She just told me she can again.
Ok. Then good. Tel about eye tearing/paining once when u were here.
ya lor
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
Aiyo. Did they talk?
hey, im back..
she was 1105 classmate, correct, nope, me no item wif her, juz tat we got along well
You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
Convey my regards to him
lp I go est botak with my parents hee. Rem to eat hor. Muacks
K:.k::
Thanks alot.
ll find another part time one, beta...
I m disappoint.
Yes,at central. May God bles u. Bye
Wat time u be home then?
Okie thanks
Oh... Okie... So gd, she got free tics...
Lol I seeeee. Hao bah haha.
we are very lucky peoples
K whr ru
Haha why not! Jio friends:D haha ohh then can you learn how to drive?Hahaha okay get you all possums HAHA.
What the..  so is group or indi?
Askd unna da
Hey you got bring pad along with you a not?
Chalega?
Hi weicheng, shihwan frm nus canoeing club, we hav gave one of urteam bibs wrongly, ur num should b  <#> , bt we gave u  <#> , so, wenid to change the bibs.. Sry for the inconveniences caused
K here
Okay thanks!
Haha.. Zhong cuts at chap 2 lor! Lol :)
I'm in office..
I gg for talk at Raffles.  7 to abt 9 . So shld be ok:-)
Oh and my dad not picking me up so I think I'll stay in sch!:P
m goin to airport to send my dad off...
I reach home le I tell you.
Yeah, now at bss.
Haha he said he sleep on e sofa
Will you come online
Seriously, i don't know wat is xy doing by keep uploading his codesto ivle. Haha. I already tried to integrate my part to his mycode 3.Now he comes out with 5. Haha. Think we ho seh liao.
Hai
If i knew i would want it too. I guess the recycling bin is viable ._.
U crzy!!!
Ya
Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
Haha what the!! Cannot cannot!!! >///< haha why so early, then todaystart late:/ jyjy!! So over yet? I just reached, abit bushuang thenshow attitude with sophie to the rest haha:x
Lololol
Where are you?
I anything lor.
I am in mes d
K
Okay chionging over from c2
u want to meet the guy?
Haha yeah Arial! Haha yeah submitted liao! Mhmm of course lah! 7 exams leh):
Oh shit I forgot we checking answer... I tink later I just meet uoutside the lt like last week bah
Miss u
K aftrnun
Hey any quiz or test or hnwk?
Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone
Haha oh right he has presentation too! Haha go buy! Whoasss she quitepoor thing actl!
K go Tamp gym
looks like mit deadline was 5pm today. Just email the doc when you are free.
no
Tuition at 4pm today ok?
m at home...
Haha see la should have just stayed home and sleep ytd right hahaha!Haha no one open for you? My mum will come in and cover blanket, thenI will kick it away :x haha okay, I shall just get until  <#>  so Idun have to do roll call at all! Hmm ooo I'm going out for'breakfast':DD
Ehh cheat sia! Won't the unis read both?? Haha how come can see one!Also can! Hahaha what so random! Should play moron test! Haha physicsprac now! Just ended so ace now! Omg haha chinese is one of thelessons I cannot sleep in:P
SMS
Yes meet you at block  <#>  can?
Yuppp you all eating eh.
Breakfasting at adam road fc, probably take  <#>  mins. whoops
Okie la...
SO BAD HAHA HILDA TAY!!!!!!!!
Yup sure!
u at marsiling?
Eh I tink we all 3 going le u apply leave also
Hahaha.dots. I heard the easier stats is dun really nid much calculation.but if wan map oso ok ba I think.
Walk-In Interview Fresher / Experienced - Non-Voice & Voice - from Mon-Fri from  <#>  pm @ String, G.R. Complex, 5th Flr,  <#> , Anna Salai, Nandanam. Ph:  <#>
Yup
God bless you
the cake is here. For supper? Did you get the shawl?
ll try to keep sian-ness away..
Yeap on second tot please come to bus stop help me lol
Class over d gonna enjoy after this
You too.bye:)
thanku
Hahaha awww. See weekdays can find players anot hahaha
K I'm leaving soon, be there a little after 9
Ass 5 Oo? Den any GT?
I didn't sign up
Oh I in Eman room. When u wanna make kmd
Ya refer totally everything from there.haha.
Tell me if you want me to. Sometimes I come and you don't - we'llhead that way if you do but I understand if you want some rest =)
Ya lor!!! So wan many baobao from u!!
Later can borrow ur running shoes??
Anything
Yo yo, help me buy lemon tea please :D thanks!
Okay done.
Ha.. see u on Saturday.. what time u want to meet up/
Hi,shehan&dharshi think that we all shud gt 2gedr &go watch " <#> " 2mro after competitn results.t.c *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem?
or wo tum logon ko jo book per mark hoe hoe question mile the?
i am in a class, ?? ll call u later
S
ll try n help... Cos her bro quite bz one...
Haha nah stuck in the rain anyway! I'll drink water! (: ooo yeahmaybe! Got some flea market here also! Hahaha we don't play games muchde! Just walked around to look at stuff! Heehee:P haha so fast!
U got win money?
She's fine. Sends her greetings
Im like old bird now, so life is gd. And Been training real hard for the tournament. Hope to do well...  you lucky gal , got tai tai life to enjoy.  Haha...
Call me
He is his own father?
enjoy ur meal
Orchard?
Hahaha.. we ll see how then..
Well good night and sweet dreams my beautiful girlfriend whom I lovesoo much <3
HAPPY NEW YEAR, PULL YOUR EAR! XD! May  <#>  be loads of fun andlaughter! HAPPY HAPPY TWO ZERO ONE ONE!!
Lol are you guys in the area
Coming?
Im also seriou cnt judge hwmh i hv dun?
But got  <#>  teams can win le. Our group win how many tickets denthe rest date cost la
Has my dear left the house?
new yr still so long. can meet u sooner not? u still wirking ot everyday?
Haha... Okie... Cya there...
It's so pretty!
Then Thursday we go out la
Ya look at the last one. U can write bout it
what are you doing?
From last tue
Haha oh and I called you coz I scared you oversleep again hehe :x
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Ok i reach in 20 mins.
Ü all go then i go lor... Free one wat...
haha. i sympathise! i got to go to school on saturday for only one 1 hour lecture!
Ahhhh hao bah :(
You reach school le?
I m waiting
u come msn?
1 more stop dear
No need. Thanks
Well I will if I want to! It's fine wut!
mobile ghar chor jao ga....abhi nikalne laga ho
Sorry mr tan, I wont be able to meet you this afternoon. Can I meetyou tmr at  <#> pm?
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
But not like it is graded wat fb post only I type out before I tinkone mah... like that also must say me I very pek chek le lo... make mefeel like not using English for the rest of my life
did u try han dynasty?  the one near our office?
Jus finish watching tv... U?
Hey, iouri gave me your number, I'm wylie, ryan's friend
<#>
Oh oh, no one alr?
?! duno wher-or i reach le i call ü lo.ok.ten.cya.
Li Mei.. I will come to your lab at 2 ok.. Till then even if the printer starts working, don't print.. :)
At bum bum of train
Can you bring memory stick tomorrow so that i can copy pics or in usb
Sry battery low. Will call with fren phone 2moro
Hahaha how you know the next president wont br there for camp?
Hi frens, some of u may or may not know that my grandfather has just passed away. Thank u for ur concern for those who came tonight. Pls be assured to know that pearl and I are doing fine. However, I'd like for you to partner us in prayers for our parents, esp my mom coz she seems quite distraught (She blames herself for the $$ not tallying when closing accounts). Pls also pray for her safety and sound mind as she'll be needing to drive tml too. And that pearl and I can be a support for them as well. Ur partnership is much appreciated.
i let u know the detail later k
haha. bus spoilt. got to come down and wait for another bus.
Explain to u all later.
Ya redoing lo. U can choose frm faith healing and tool of communication/power
I think so but I dunno, cant ask her now cos I not at home.
Shuyi_Cally
A sweet naughty little thought: 'It is better to flirt,flirt & flirt,rather dan loving some1 & getting hurt'.. .
But oxidized le will be benzene connected to a carboxylic acid wad
Yeah, why it's life hard lol
See u soon
Yup!
Ok!
Heeee . I want u smile dumly at me. Den I kiss u ao
Joey: Ryan r u chi or ind ?
Yeah, i was about to point that out. Thanks for savig me that text.
Haha I just ate a mcspicy... sob sob sob fat le... must control fromtoday onward! Okie... hmmm shld I buy umi sushi or go ntuc buy edosushi
All the best for your results later.. :)
Haha why not! :D wahhs will he let? Only 2 days in leh! Offer to doone more day aft this month if he really unwilling if you want!
hello s56! its being sometime huh... Tonite free? Club @S.O.S.... REPLY!
Catch all the :-*
Yaa... I'm at engin canteen
Oh okay.
Hey Wayne.. how was your trip?  Can I take the calculator today?
smartdoctor
ya xi have you left the house? i'll be abit late. about  <DECIMAL>pm. sorry. "
Ha. GPS se mobile me.
Hey, I am submitting your name for the next committee for astro club.I have not decide on positions so I will let you decide. But right nowI need your full name, nationality, dob, nric no, student no, dept/yr,email. Please give me the details asap, thanks!
Hey bring my dc assignment tomo. I didnt write tat differentiate question
Haizzzzzz 晚安 T.T... your this stupid English lousy frog will send uur jiang Nan message tml!
KAAAAAAAATTIE!!!! what is our reading for French diction?
The bedbug peeps are coming friday  <#>
I knw... U r gud.. U vl b gud...
Hahhahaha.horrr die.lol.change name change name.I got like 3b+ and 1 A.hiak.but A is for the 8mc.Woot.lol.dun emo la u still got wat mod next sem?
Ohh omg I accidentally deleted your msg! Yups actl I think only walkpast one that got the stamp! Can check tmr haha! Hahaha lazy pigs:Pgot enough utensils and everything meh! Haha not cute ah, quarrel soloud until my bro and I can't concentrate:/  what else did you say?><
Ack! I woke up late and forgot to text you!
Oh OK. Can you like split it and tell me which part to do? I ll golab when I am free.
I cannot change yesterday. I can only make the most of today, and look with hope toward tomorrow.geve ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Rates gone up..  <#>  it seems..getting it now
Ohhhhh. So smart. Later then i go in fill up the products ar.
Jobcast update? You said yesterday night
Which bus stop?
Definition Of A Great Loser" >A Person Who Dials A Number (Written With Lipstick On A Phone Booth) n His Wife Picks Up d phone"
m reaching home in 5 min.
Ahh accidentally pressed send! Hahaha like that right, we're gonna bestuck tgt tight like superglue!
Give me half an hour
I gt it frm ur schul's  <#> th anniversary magazine.. Njan chummathe nokiyapole kandu. Amal, arun okke undayirunu.. If u dnt lik it i wil cut it in2 pces.... K..
And I conceded to whatever you say about Noah's Ark kind of people =P
Dont pack what you can buy at any store.like cereals. If you must pack food, pack gari or something 9ja that you will miss.
Y so??
hee. lp also so happy wif u! dear get home safely, <3：<3
I like the Dutch Guy.. the Indian Guy is a bit painful though
Have you sent it, Please?
Oh oh okay.
t that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
In bus stp
please pray for bro Paul and four others, who are missing at sea for the last one week. GBU Roshal. Pls pass on to the prayer group.
Thanks! Have a safe trip to Switz!
Yup
Not here!
I will do anything for you!! XOXO
Hi Erwin,  my email address is  <EMAIL> . thanks!
Ur dog has gone mad again... He keeps barking non stop...
Happy new years!
@(. = .)@ () ',jj, ()( )( /. )( ) G- get A- always N- new E- energy S- spirit & H- happiness..Wish U n ur family Happy Ganesh Chaturti in advance:-)
Yah, its tuesday.... Me blur liao. Too much work and screaming from my mam, haha...   had yr lunch yet?
Okay.
Enjoy ur life. . Good night
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Wat! Sob sob sob I pei u still say must see me very sianz T.T...broke my heart lo sob sob sob... eh hmmm I also dunno leh lol stillcontemplating lol.... try le cannot T.T...
Dunno yet. Later then check.. u?
Meet earlier lehhhhh
Haha aq last time! Haha lcs dun let me sleep de! The last part ishalf the quiz marks! Hahaha one of them taller than me, the otherstouter than me! I'm not more buff nor zai! Haha i'm going to dophysics prac first! Where!!!
Hahaha happy new year. Thanks alot. Sorry you are?
Weren't u supposed to take me shopping today?
Yup.
<#> - minchu(meow);-)
Grind and grind. Lols if not u lose and lose also waste time
s ya headache? go and eat 2 more panadol and go to slp early k..
Hee. Lg so lucky to hv my girl too. Muacks
Kamine aj msg mat kar faltu faltu newspaper pad
LOL how could you not!
ABO NO  <#> & ur Sponsor no  <#> .Password :- ankit@ <#>
U r right
m seatin at e right side...Quite front... Shld b ez to find... U reachin?
s false lah
Prob they need both eloquent ppl as well as 'the common man' haha
You are lying on the bed doing nothing?
Did ü brin harry potter...
Aunty I will be a little late.. near orchard now
Cn u gve me dtails to track ordr
But I dunno
Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
Yeiyei rem to eat amd think of lg!
Dun have leh Ms office I always dl the already activated version.dun nid key de.
Yup wat time r they going?
Yeap! Later! So did you have dinner? Haha I think Chester knows hahaha!
or semester phir kab start ho ga
as a tax payer, i am for the gov continuing funding for pub broadcasting.  <#> m is well spent, comparing to a lot of other no brainer funding.
Ll
May the noor of this month illuminate ur heart, mind and soul n mayall ur duas be answered. Remember me in your prayers. EID MUBARAK
Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?
Me too! But dun want another extreme church la. So pek chek
So u workin overtime nigpun?
O.o icic! Haha well they're getting married so! .... Anything ispossible! Hahaha I didn't feel like going at sp!
Stabilise the rocket!? How!? Haha we can go get more!
<#> ,  <#>
What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
Guess what only thing missing from my room is!
Daddy say wait at bus stop. U receive this let me know..
Whatevs fts phonology
Before becoming officer already is two bed. Is after becoming officerthen you get air conditioned rooms.
Ok sunday is fine. Thursday is fine after 4pm, if u need.
Haha... Hope ü can hear the receipt sound... Gd luck!
Dunno. You can try because main crystal is  <#> MHz anyway
Sorry
Where? I playing cod yest
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
HI RIC IM AGNES. WHR U FRM?
Huh... Really ah... Hmmm thk can la... But i dun have square table to play mahjong leh...
Then 1 lo
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
Whoever comes to me cannot be my disciple unless he loves me MORE than he loves his father and his mother, his wife and his children, his brothers and his sisters, and HIMSELF AS WELL luke <TIME>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-)
s not back yet, we might have to go ourselves, paiseh...
No.. Friday can?
s why I ask mah
Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
Cos see so many car scare u slow pass custom no train mah
When can ü come out?
I dont know what to eat also.
Aiyo, y my dear dear so poor thing... U neva go out 2 eat? Wat did u eat? Me going 4 ice cream now hee... I come back eat w u lor...
Haha. Okay! The more the merrier so we can sit bigger table. If not,their small table very uncomfortable de. Haha.
K set den I reach clementi at 4!
Huh?
Wth. Yuxiang got talk to him? Zzz Joel dam cui le
Pgp. Please check place with eb
Nope... Cos my intention of retaking is to try for law. A b3 for last year is too risky. Hmmm... Job that starts in evening? Roughly wat ü have in mind?
"Im watchn u motha fucka" Gn sleep tight
G says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny
Okie found e place.. Hee hope i wun turn out to be a freak.. Hah..
None of the guys are going for the meeting.. You wanna do something else with me tmr then?
It's she staying tonight?
I cant. Got lots of assignment to do.
Now wat class for u
Dear dun worry la.  I think he still at his home. Kisses for u.:-)
6pm
Babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And I'll give you it back when you get home ?
Like if I needed a note for classes
One more stop!
:( but your not here....
What sian! Maybe need to change to the old msn!
Im not married wat...Of cuz single la... Hàhà. Eh ìm goin to slp orédi...Good nìte.
Ha. Babu class se ate samay Rice lete ana 2 kg.
Wait I go toilet
4 liao loh. I bidded. Haha. Put in 1 pt first lah. Later ppl see sopopular, they'll switch! Haha. Wah seh i can't bid mno <#>  liao, nextmin bid is  <#> ! Sian got to try appealing.
Die... Now i have e toot fringe again...
oki pilot off day td, muahaha
Hahaha yeah! Oh no she ask me put some oil for her, then now my handburning hahaha! Bathe le! Reach home le right? I'm watching a hkdrama, v interesting haha! Coming online soon sorry!
Ahahha you thought you smelled good? How do you even know that? Vamp diaries :))
Ask é rest whether they can also...
You are the apple of my eye!! although there's like naked butts theshow is really quite nice! Aiyo I shall wait for ppl to upload prompics and tag me in them first!
Wah cannot.lol my com dun have cs.format nv install back.hahahaha.
Ok
Podi vetti! Arivu illa! Kaatitu maatha vaendiyadhu dhaana!
Hmm. Dunno yet. Why Lei? About ten ba. U outside?
I don wake since. I checked that stuff and saw that its true no available spaces. Pls call the embassy or send a mail to them.
Wan Zhen are u buying gliter powder?
U think?
I no at cip now
Pls give me a ring once dr. Kasun is available 4 me 2 meet. Lasanthi.
Ya but I dont wanna spam. I know still got others that doesnt havefunctions like this. Imma considerate you know. :D
Agr gosht me dalny k lye koi sabzi smjh na aye to...Ap  BHANGRA dal len;-)''Zubaida Aapa k Shughli totkay..''
hey sorry i lost my phone.. You are ?
Haha probably network problem bah.
Fri got a  <#>  mins survey. $5 leh. I signed up for e 2pm slot le.Check your email!
HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING?
Those were my exact intentions
Agreed.
Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
Hi shir, I'm here.
Kaha pe he bhai
Thanks ranger. U hv brighten up my day! Thx.
Haha but just let you know lah! (: haha okay^^ hmm I'll ask weirentake photo! haha my heels are white! And tall! Haha ooo icic I willjust borrow hehe:P
Jala hua bread aur pregnent girlfriend mein kya common hai ? Ans: dono ko dekh kar afsos hota hai kaash..do minute pahle nikal liya hota......;-)
going science. juz nw met ben to take charger frm him
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Ello check out fb de message in case u all haven see!
Ok. Then delete it.
I dnt hv blnc 2 cl..kal vorbo
Set! Dun disappoint me
Paiseh.. lecture now , my laptop low batt so not on internet..go eatla!   I think we focus on technologies that have improved with IC,like the speed, size, functiona, qualities, etc. And also applicationsand technology that were brought abt by ic..
my dog got his ears cropped
The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
What time is the talk?
Hi. Sorry I dun think i can make it later, unless u want to meet onSkype? Or tmr morning?
Haha. Icic. But seriously no aircorn loh. Wah jialat. Like that how?
Na
K da:)how many page you want?
Haha hmm I think not a problem. Can give me the info?
Your call love
ll cya at e canteen...
K leave i vil c
For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
Who r u,jordan?watz ur intro?
:-(
Hahaha do you even remember what I said? Good!!! Your last 4 days tobe a good example!
LOL DAMN OKAY. HAHAHA I SHALL CONTINUE WAITING AT THE PLATFORM.HAHAHA. WHERE IS YOUR BUS NOW.
Repu veldamu ra
Im sorry! I was stuying until i fell asleep. I thought my dad wouldwake me up. :-(
Hey bro hwa u.. Wo d0n0 try kiye kya bro?
Hahaha thanks to you.
K tinava
After seeing your marks
No no no no....u 1st ok.
Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
Wat pink tray?
Yeah most prob the whole week. You?
Laopo darling  <#> !
Ya then still got dinner also. I forgot that part. Btw how to go downfron bugis?
Hee. Chou baobei.  Now waiting for  <#> . I go lot one look lookawhile first..
Haha ya lo... tml go see lo... anyway u got modify the code? I dincut the instruction by a lot...
Dun need la i got jacket, i very lazy go back change. Hahaha... Can just ignore them?lol
Okay.
Ha. Ok lor. But sometimes there are like great disconnects betweentheir philosophy and practise which I find hypocritical... so need achange of environment?
Yay! Goody.
Aiyo is not i wan 2 find sure got somebody there 4 me 2 find.. I also like t kind of feeling but now nobody in e queue how i find...
ok, I will check and add into the next payment.  Thanks!
4 groups. We havent confirm the gls though. Havent been able to meet them.
???
Vikky, come around  <TIME> ..
S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
Home le bblp
Oh fuck I totally forgot D= it's so late love... do you think wecould try tomorrow?
where r u?
At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
m free next tues wed n fri...
ve reached already.
Ahh shit i havent ask xt and eve. Sorry could you help me call them please?
I book u on  <#>   <#>   <#> .
Gym le then study??
WIN cash prizes worth Rs.  <#> ! Log in to ibibo Games Software and participate in Match Master Tournament today between  <#> am 7pm . Play Now. T&C apply
In class. Wassup?
Limit of laziness. Boy: papa 1 glass pani dedo Papa: khud lelo Boy: plz dedo Papa: ab manga to thappad dunga! Boy: jab thappad dene aaoge to pani bhi lete aana.
Hey the namecard ok le, I later after  <#> pm pass it to u?
<3
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
Why did I wake up on my own >:(
Wishing you a wonderful week.
First*
Prob at some coffee place... Coffee club wisma or taka...
U all go her house first ba.
Hahaha write? How to write?
Keeriyooodee
Lol.. ok.
hello joe.
Hey. I forgot I gt another meeting till 2:. U all discuss first,Imeet u all later can?
Lol. Cert
are u working now ?
Hehe bru me to hanuman bhakt hu..
I'm in tut 7.
How are you feeling now
Lol sorry shld have told u to buffer T.T... Andrew will be there in<DECIMAL> ... we will be in  <DECIMAL>  I guess
Come*
Wow. U got cake? Need 1
Okay can thanks.
rashid ne gussa to nai kia??
Ya had just now.onion roast.
Mr tan can I meet you tmr at  <#> am?
Hey , how's ur sis's netbook? The recovered files are still with me. Let me know when it's ready for the files to be copied back.
ken,helo!intro plz?
Oh what the I just received this sianz haha ._. Yeah it's choir!She's in it, there's a lot of ppl who waste time there, so she getsreally annoyed at them! Haha it's ok! From what I heard, it won't bevery impressive haha! LOL so cool! Train more will get used to it lebah! Oh what the haha. Never plan properly! Haha yes go go I should befine!
Thanks. Pass them to u when i see u.
Hi dad can meet me at  <DECIMAL>  instead? Cos I got class till 6.
Im at pink table ... u finish tut then come and look for me lor ...
no lah...i leave aound 18 days , next yr then wanna clear
cant make it got food poisining
Hehe.. tyty..
Stop teeheeing and give us minute to minute updates on the riots
Big brother call and ask ah hui out next week!
Haha so poor thing T.T... later evening nap a while lo sob sob sob...so early do assignment lol then can finish early lol.... haha paternalI gonna nap a while in school
s mp? Shld b quite ok now rite, at least can go home on wkends... Anyway, which  course did u choose...
Dun wuss!
Please get vincent to reply me.
He didn't reply me.. Hmmm..
Oh... Icic... I dunno... Msg u tmr lor...
Nope...
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Haha I woke up at  <#> (: at bk eating breakfast now! Oh my suddenrealisation how to do one of the biochem exam questions omg! HahahaOMG DAMN CUTE. CAN I DO THAT TO YOU.
I didn't see anyone, but I wasn't gonna stay up there and wait
Gay one? Ok
Oh they do? I didn't know.. wrong person to ask really.. hardly go to labs
Go home safe!!(: thanks for today!
ok
really what did he tell you den
Ya shld be half...
Hi wassup at harbour front?
Dear ah, in e end change to 2 pm again cos last min lecturer wanna meet her 1st...
Lols my dad overseas agn. Eh holiday till when ar?
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
Okay... holy shit, what the fuuuuuuck
You call man
Alright see you then
Wads ur username?
Ok
<#> th to  <#> th march.
Heyz sorry I am still outside.. but let me know if there's anything Ican do to help
Lyn playing?
Yep called already
Yea?
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
can.. c u at ps...
Haha orh! I think he sleep le! Haha nice! yups hehe quite tiredactl:P ahh omg that would be super fun omg!! Go go go!
Name: DIPJYOTI BORAH SBI A/C NO: <#>  date of birth: <DATE>
Eric says there is bug. Please check as soon as you can
About $6 to $8.
Whoa why emo!! Haha what do you mean read it only?? I dun get it:P
Haha ooo thick white bread?! Haha ohh do you like bread crusts? Hahahe damn rubbish lah, everytime get back his results damn crappy thensay will work hard, in the end, push him to study also don't want,only want to play games. I tell my parents need to be stricter withhim, they dun believe, see what happen now lor. I can't help but beangry ah, he is supposed to be smarter than me one! verydisappointing! Oh so you're not meeting them today? Haha so sad! Todaymanaged to revise all the concepts for chem, but still fun reallyunderstand one part, now revising questions then later do revisionpaper then sleep!
Lg in biz lib
Erm.. the satellite part u lifted or edited already?
>< will wait for you k!!!
K
I think we are leaving together from hostel I guess.
Hoi neki?
Jiao zi?
It means thaT we can gym later
Hi Ricky, are we supposed to meet up tomorrow? We can be at IMMtomorrow at  <#> noon to find you.  Otherwise let me know, thanks.-Min
t access my soc email. thanks.
Ah? Haha I think okay already.
Who wants to wake me up frmo sleep now!
Theres a rums. Ajith fernando  <#> /2A Gale rd dehiwela. Rums 4 two boys r there. Thuraraja not sure of comng 2 col. Have 2 c 1 person rum.
Haha. Then i can't stay long. So sorry..
I don't know
Sayang u la. Thot must ha e been so painful.
Hahaha for monday and tuesday only.
hey do you know where you put the charger for barak's computer i was going to fix it so it works better
Ohh wow:o its first floor of west mall! opposite polar puffs andcakes I think!
My house got the container. and leeping will be buyiing the soup. Sou just go my house take the card and container can le. Thanks.
hahha. ya. dun forget wor.last paper for u?
Leaving A* now.
Lord, you have examined me and you know me. You know everything i do; from far away you understand all my thoughts. Your knowledge of me is too deep; it is beyond my understanding. Psalm 1 <TIME> ,2,6 Have a blessed day ! :-)
Morning!! Got snow meh!? haha so cool! What you cycle and buildrockets every week? Huiwen is coming tmr haha!
Hahaha what is process in chinese?
I called her just now but she nvr answer =(
Can you say what happen
Hahas why so Emo siaz. 2day shld go home celebate wad
so sian
What type of stuff do you sing?
Hey rem to send by tonight!
no la .. hehe ..
I m still very sad my dear fren...
Cus all cui ppl go what. Malays also lol. Eh train one ARM. Afarewell present for us before u go army
Gud ni8 dear
Then she buying today? Ü no need to c meh...
LOL SORRY HAHA I'M LIKE DAMN SWEATY NOW NOO
hehe just kidding not distintion and all but i passed tats it..
Yea. Wt ask cp le
Call lift up
Wanna gym at 4?
Hi prof Seah, if you are still with the juniors, could you remindthem to fill in their choices for department hopefully by end of thisweek? Thanks.
Stressed over whattt? Why so sian?
Yo stephy! Your thumbdrive with me eh, sorry. =X
0ye apna n0mbr msg kar
I think chennai well settled?
So we continue?
Lol i won't have a place to put it... If not yeah i can actually keep it :/
Lol gd sia got 2nd prize.
Green
Lol i doing work at bench, lazy to walk over damn hot
I thot u wanna meet up or something. Or u going home?
I think so, yeah, but I'll be back in a few days
Eh..  <DECIMAL> ? U
Gelek! I look like a doll now!! She cut my fringe!!
Backk
Plz brng a b0tle of aqua or h <#>  or hydro or jal al0ng wid u
Group song.....
Haha yeah I just got then:P reach home safely of course coz you sendme all the way home! Haha^^ wow  <#>  is alot! Haha pass me tmr! Hmm Irealised I have to go sch tmr morning also haha, need reach at 8! ._.Haha then next time take  <#>  bah! Didn't you take it with yourfriends the other time??
Nth else. It's average okay
Okay... Thank you... You sleep early too
Alright!
Okay! I had land training today!
Ok
U know the add? I still at us
Ok nice so after TT rite?
About 6
Aahhhh I have t to grocery shooop
Hah..same here.. but hw come u didn't choose a topic u like
R u free
Tack
Soon. Where u
Lolwut no
He says ok
Smell yourself often? Yeah not bad show. But nowhere as good as House and <#> .
What would be good.
Hee... Yea... Linear algebra? Need my help? I hope I Can...
Oh. Just got back.. you are up?
Wr r u?
Nvr le. Lewis also
U?
Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
Ya but its a fake one lols.
Andrw macho.il cl u 2marw,no batery,chargr at bordin place,g,b
Rose! If you know it's unhealthy then why you do this so often? Lolkk u better go sleep la!
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
K k :-):-) then watch some films.
So did we even submit for ssef? We didn't present wad
I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
骨奶
<#>   <#>
I meet u at cantenn first?
Lols! Wth he say easy ar. Btw going chalet
What doing?
Haha:P oh just when I thought you fell asleep le! I dunno, soonmaybe? My nails look very fail!! I need remover hahaha!
Yup. Saw it. Will reply later.
R u 4 real
Eh u teaching which blk de today?
DUN BE LATE!
Dar where r u
Yes mehh
Wait . I will msg after  <#>  min.
Mother Teresa was declared a Saint at abt  <#>  PM last nyt in Rome. F u pray now for 3 petitions,dey wl b granted in her name.Pls send ds 2 at least 9 closest 2 U
Oh alright. So sorry. Next time I will be there! :D
m going shopping now. Got mc.
Hi wanna chat...
Saturday? Not sure leh. Overnight? No right.
OH. LOL OOPS. Monday?:D
Hostel. Tot supposed to gym
Didn't get any email from Romain da
Yup.
Even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-D
Ooo okay! :D
I am sorry it hurt you.
Oh. Mp3 labeller?
K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
Yeah probably* my b
THIS SONG AGAIN.. y?
Reaching np in 5 min
Oh how make primary alc to stone? Ozone ar
Yes, will do.
I want to sent  <#> mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
Tamil moive myana
Oh no! Drink lots and lots of water!! Hahaha so influential! Hahahawhat did you say? Haiyo but still! Haha pass down to you? So cool! Ithink my parents will just split btwn my bro and I haha! Yes sir! Iwill go!
Okay okay. Wah north korea's bomb nvr drop on u ar? Haha.
Okay. Edit by when
OK sent
Now den reach library. Got to endure for another 2 days.
Your chain guard need to be  <DECIMAL> mm steel.
Leave dinner for me can? I'll come back and eat?
Where u been hiding stranger?
Oh ok wait 4 me there... My lect havent finish
Oh hehehe:P oops gonna change it away!
I dint tel u 2 luv me... I jst said dat i luv u... It is true....
Call me pls.
hee ^O^ kiss my baobei!! coming out soon!! mig mug
Yea... I'm at sac. boss is here. Opps.
Orh, okay was not beside computer right nw, will reply asap thanks :D
Jasmine and me wanna go during v day! Got voucher mah lol that time ugive one expire le... and help us reserve a table can?
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
s confirm goin izit... Den ok lor... Will there gona b any programmes tt nite?
Lab over for me
We goin to claim vat...
Haha why apologise! You are at a chalet mah, I really shouldn't betaking up too much of your time! You let me talk to you for one and ahalf hours I'm already super happy! (: good night! Have lots offun!(:
I'm also came to room.
Got a car park at hong lim park. Its at 6pm.
play basketball today?
I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
Ok
I'M STILL STUCK DOWNSTAIRS PSPS!!!! LOL SORRY I JUST RECEIVED ALLYOUR MESSAGES SORRY SORRY!!!
kidhar
After dinner!
Just finished lesson, coming oover now.
I am playing table tennis
Lol! Forever alone): damn rubbish leh they.
Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?
Orh!! Can see u soonle.nw woodlands
Irfan for Delhi.
This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
Ooooooookay
Sac will score big hundred.he is set batsman:-)
Haha yeah I know, that's why didn't really say earlier haha, coz notsure if I can really do that, but I got a feeling I can, so only justdecided to tell you! Haha:P can see you and chat with you i'm happyle!:D that's why can eat anything, do anything when we go out! :P ohno didn't e yang tell you some points or something?? read througheveryone's part just in case?
reach home safe dear
Which boarding email do I send to?
Boarded the bus. Get ready
Oops must have missed! Will look again.
Yeas going up 1st
Ohh that was dinner ah. I am not even halfway thru the first episode.It's going fine though.
Now recess week lo :-)  ur sis shld have told u rite? But still needto do work. Haha. U? Hw is work?
Haha I also lo I wake up and decided to pon... so later just goingfor the studyyyyy sianzzzz
Dear friends, sorry for the late information. Today is the birthday of our loving Ar.Praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. Its his number + <#> . Dont miss a delicious treat.
Have you done your tutorial registration?
Yup.
ll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
Lol I haven do too. But is to find an article that support thatreligion decline
Haha no I'll wait for you! I only played until level 8 coz the cashitem gifts dun have pants LOL.
<#>
Can resend me the mail. I didn't really see it. I try to do by todaylor, got quite a lot of stuff to do today. 2 projects deadlineapproaching.
LOL HAHA THEY DAMN RETARDED LEH DUN KNOW HOW TO SPLIT HALF. GO COMPLAIN TO TRF
m goin to orchard now...
Cum near lawn side gate d wer v celebrate ur bday.der no prob d
P
Oh you are talking about lessons ah. Neh we didnt
Rip
Hey machan there is this it tuition job where you need to teach anold guy Ms office. Well paying. Know anyone who would be interested?
See you Mr lee
How are you
Hmmm... Can watch wu jian dao... Others oso can la, c which ur prefer...
Haha oops! Coming now!
But it's so gay!! I dun believe you watched those when you're  <#>!!! hahaha is it!!! Wow random much sia!! Wear it to sch:D
sounds nice. how long is the show?
Its a great day. Do have yourself a beautiful one.
orh..give u a flying kiss! hee. dear got eat lunch?
Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
did u went 2 scl 2day?
No prob, take your time.
Hey,u did't cum 4 prty sterday. wht hapnd?
Hahaha oh no this one late reply coz I just received._. I'm awake soI reply lor!! Hahaha wow so early XD pigs!! Go out and have fun!!
Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
Oh, i sent you the url liao yesterday
Yo
Wat the!
Sorry dad I wont be home early tonight.
Oh but I washing tonight. U need urgently?
yeiyei!! 你今天来找我好开心。but i still miss u so much,, so tmr i go sch findu ,hee. muacks
Yup android update mah from  <DECIMAL>  to  <DECIMAL>
I thought u really coming mah...
Why so fast confirm. Later they cannot how
Ooo, kk..
Alright, I was taking about hanging out, so tomorrow works =)
Basement
No de.
Shall call now dear
YUP haha
Lulz if anything get  <DECIMAL>  microfarad capacitors maybe 2 or 3 i'm held up now
Almost
The dress code thingy.
Ru goin to takin organizer video
When you are big..| God will bring success.
Hahaha ya haven't.
No
Hmm go train 1st! Then cardio
Nono it's just like apple pie LOL.
Michelle, im meeting you what time eh?
Index number-  <#> . Name- senanayake mudiyanselage rajitha senanayake. Thank u so much
Rofl. Its true to its name
I mean Shiv lol
Why she wants to talk to me
Hmm.. same here:-).  Tinking of something for legal stuff too. Jiayoutogether bah:-)
Hi ricky, I misread Alicia 's earlier email.  The grass is ok, noneed to order more grass. She wrote that I should ask you to make surethat the front yard drain cover is also replaced with the new coversthat you are swapping in on Wednesday.  Also, the 1st guest window canbe the naco type, can you get a similar color to the existing? FinallyI forgot when the metal support for the backyard drain is coming.Thanks.
What should I text her?
Ahh I never check twitter! It's 1pm at my house. :-D
Wah I go down  <#>  mins only. Haha or you tell me what time eh.
PRAY FOR THE EASY EXAMINATION
Helo krish ji.. H0w areu?.. Sory me us time away tha.. So aur sunao:-)
2nd level.
Haha some tze char near soyabean shop. Lol evelyn needs yourprofessional advice on sneakers.
Cl me whn u see my msg.
Weds free watch LADDALAND?
Yo she never come find me eh. I sat through the 2 recess periods.
Go out wif Chiobu bojio!
s sessi
Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
u at bugis? wana smoke?
Can eh tmr night lo. You joining us for camp mah?
Heh hope im not too late, happy birthday to you! :D meet up soon alright!
NETWORK ERROR: MESSAGE SENDING FAILED. . . . PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER. . . .
Walao where got so fast. Haha. I'll do it tmr. After that send u.Just anyhow write loh. Anyway, the cse outline got put a 3 questionsguide if i'm not wrong.
Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
LOL HOW CAN YOU EXPECT STH THAT IS LIT TO NOT BLOW! How's thatpossible hahaha!!
Not much cash, but my state id, cal card, military id, and debit card =/
Sorry for yesterday , this will not happen again.
Weds lo
Will u be able to come to sch and pick me up tml when going to hotel?...
Ya . Definitely . Gonna complete ma b e mech engg .. May be that s enough fa tat post :-):-):-) lol :-).
My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
Yo yo I cant get walkie talkies. So sorry.
Lol? Still got supp class de ah? Hahahaha
Oh please lighten up
I finish sch @ 6pm.
So nice go pa tuo still think of me. Nope at home, didnt go out.
Yeap its v big and nice, we're staying in the uni hotel! I won aclear file hahaha! Yeah I didn't know earlier so didn't ask! Tmrasking:D
Website, similar to the ebook. Due 7th feb.
Can I come by do you think?
Yea ok nvm den
Haha.. I also saw.. Then was thinking how come you at sentosa.. Lol..
About  <#>  plus I guess. Or ask my dad play first?
good morning...time to wakie
Play as in wat?
Haha got bball inter cluster game, then the poster is sakuragi hahahaso random!
I bet. Not the refreshing sort, ay?
Okay can.
Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
t b attendin so do take down notes 4 me... Thks...
Haha big also not as big as a human lah lol... and animal also won'tattack human unless provoke dun need scare lol...
S'what I'm talking about! You wanna hang soon?
Did you see twitter?
Better buy me things
Tel
miss u so much
Which shop? Haha.
I can't make it on tues coz of chinese ><
Hmm. How come ur dad suddenly feel like going turf club.. So u alone at home?
What r u doing?
Haha where you?
LOL okay hahaha DUN REPLY ME LA. Is ra one good?
Haloooo...ningal purappetttoo?
Alright, I love you too, call me if anything changes okay?
Just now tired now not really after the nap lol... yeah at tamp lelol... but u r panda mah still cute lol
Oh lol ok.hmmm.we order xlb first arbo got waitress diam diam tell us to order.haha.
Leaving now.
Are you sure? =( =( =( I'm really sorry
hahaha i'm sitting at my house balcony enjoying breeze WHEE:D
Aiyo... Hamster die liao... I got no time to clear...
Praise the Lord! Unlocked the dongle. Thanks brother for all your support.
Alright, if she's still awake tell her I love her
oh, ok. u reach yishun liao msg me k. Ü cya!
Are u still in the same room?
Quite low XD
Haha I want to also! But sadly I can't coz my bro is taking up thebed! Haha sounds great!(: I think occasionally stay up is fine ah,just not all the time haha!
Mine is thurs. So dun hav to go lor. E ivle announcement say jus dun go cöz e ans ll be on net...
Can dont reply him first, then wait till he ask u again then u ask him how many ppl going. Depend on ur relationship w him lor. If really v odd then dont go .
Really?  Weird xP
No, Sunday night is my last night
yes aunty, eat alr. now u very free ah?
Take my call
Maybe hehe i ate shilin ytd:D take dillon sleeping 7
sir ne lift nai karwai kya?
Hi ppl who know about ironing board, please don't talk about itduring chalet if we play truth or dare, I don't want wr to know yetcoz he's from my exchange group. Thanks!(:
At b1 there de mrt entrance?
Yo later  <#> am at your house mahjong can? Got lynette and xt.
LOL
LOL too skinny!
M0rning pe time pe ajana sab..
K.wait:)
eh now at nus. u? till wat time?
Hmm Dr teh says the research presentation should still prepare, butshe's not to sure whether they'd time to present, depending on thewelcome event whether its in front of the sch or in a small group!Will that be okay? Yeap and as for the other presentation, can do anintro to our sch? Yuhan wants to do on Singapore! (:
Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
How is ur haircut, nice? So tmr u coming to school to study with me ah?
Where? Haha.
Anna leter came.Bye. *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
I think so. You need to cross the bridge behind canteen 2
Eating now?
Hmm not today bah. I need to get the book from my friend first.
where u going later?
I ate tang yuan just now... U hungry already ?
Nevr..
Okay no prob! The game completed is the same type with game over rite? Imean the font andmsize
K set!
That's sort of an aasics sales at safra Jurong, not much stuff but Iguess can get relatively cheap aasics sport shoes.
Yup
In lab?
Hey have you done st tut 5 yet?
Yea ask the rest too
m taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. U can check e arrival time. C ya soon...
s notes izzit?
I love you too :)
Aiyoh i long time never run liao lor, lucky i only half dead, not totally dead.. U still laugh at me..
Oh brilliant. is it accessible to all?  Should I contact someone?
Hallo Mum. Happy mother's day. i love you.
Lol of course la.
Thought you not going already?
Hi Ricky, we'll meet you tomorrow at IMM at around  <#> : <#>  as usual?
kk.. hopefully can chop chop tmr. last min gt reunion. i juz try tothink thru so tt gt no gaps first
No I eat porridge
Haha, thanks babe, long time no see, when ü going to australia. Nah, i get to book out everyday so army life is great. Haha, yr birthday was yest is it?
HAHA
Hey I've reached. Wearing a yellow shirt.
thnks 4 prayin. got d job
I forgot the titles also. Haha. Drop u email later. Morning cannotlah. I can only make it in the noon leh. U can't huh?
Cook* college life
Aiya! ! Baobei give u big big kiss!! Muackss!!!!!!!
Can la. 1st pay must treat people, if not bad luck.
Cal kar0
Haha alright
S0ry ji ch0ta d0st smjh ke maaf kr dena:-D.. N ha me ek m0bile chating soft use karta hu jispe mere kafi d0st he 1 saal se
Gonna exercise soon for a while. Then maybe do some korean exerciseor watch some videos.
Lying on the bed.
I saw e kind of 3 quarts pants u lk in metro...
Oh lol how much? V ex rite
Ok I think I know where isit.  Dunno where to park though. A lot ofpeople going?
Or we go bugis instead on sun?
Haha. Go home do la ?bvlp
Your article has been accepted yesterday.
are we gettin gift?
m stuck in my qns. Enjoy ur dessert.
Hmmm k
Haha! Okay>///< I promise to stay by you for the next two years okay!even if the future is uncertain haha, I still want to make thiscommitment :P
Wah haha but my time quite limited though. I didnt really have timeto do planning. =(
For pressing the lift twice
It was all the airborne! Like I would start feeling feverish and I                                would take airborne and it would go away :)
I can't, I don't have her number!
wylotheuber saturn
Apo when and where?
Darling baobei. Had a wondrrful time  with u today! I loooove u so somuch. Plus plus u very beautiful also. Hee.
Im free aft 2pm.. Y dun u msg eymani n meet her at 12.. Den i meet her at 2pm?
K
Ore
how to talk in run file
Wah your jeremiah is out of office leh. So i shld contact him directly right?
ANKIT KUMAR1ST FLOOR, KC 4, KASHYAP FARM, GANESH NAGAR EXTENSION II, SHAKARPUR,NEW DELHI -  <#> .
My dear, i will pray for u now...
Earliest I can come in tml is abt  <#> .
darling rem to eat dinner! hee. n H2O!
Inside Lift
Yeah maybe say something like "it's a demo of how to cook"
Neh played solo. Ohh it's k. I just had lunch.
Ya where u
:-) see you tomorrow!
Aight that'll work, thanks
Heh thanks alot. Btw I sent you the email already. Mafan ni le!
When you guys planning on coming over?
Eat outside your house.
Wth prank! Eh set jio me go ur new hse
I would!
Emo haha! actl are you free now? I'm going out tonight!
Very funny eh  <#>  nv calc? Also u bought everything right? So jaimeis the one that need to pay u, then minus the royalties. In all, I payu  <#> , jaime pay you  <#> .
Yes. Build on those ppts. But we're doing the recruitment part.
On e way la... U skip lect la... Den go shop...
Still here so nyea
okie thaxx a lot!!
Sangakara
In xam hall boy asked girl Tell me the starting term for dis answer I can den manage on my own After lot of hesitation n lookin around silently she said THE! intha ponnungale ipaditan;)
Ok... Then me wait up for u! kk dnr... enj the show. Bedtime when show end
He is there. You call and meet him
Heee?? I cant wait too sweerty. Muacks u much much
Hi.what you think about match?
then... i end of year then see u liao la.. haha.. so btw.. wat u doing now?
Yup, its msn enabled though its nt hotmail
so poor thing no place to sit ah. poke u !!! hee. i wan  more baobaotmr! dear reach home safely
My message didn't send! Yeah send me a picture!
When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
always be happy
Oh yay. Life rox
Not conform.
Haha we still slacking at cally house eh. Lol
My maison if I'm not wrong! Yar illuma works too haha
Oh... Ok
:-      (
<EMAIL>
It's hard 2 Care 4 a Prsn When u knw dat 1 More step frwrd, wil mak u fal in Luv wid dem nd 1 More step bck, Wil Ruin ur Frndhip wid dem.:-)
how is it?
:/ fine fine I shall do!hahaha
Time of kerala express from tiruvalla
Eh Huh?..i a bit stun...but ok i will try my best to convey ur msgnicely...anyway both of them haven tok to me in long long time so idun tink i'm stuck in the middle of anything...anyhow...I'm very sorryif u r angry or feel offended by my questions.
Now I going wc market to eat
I love u ah my dear, i m always supporting u ga... Sleep earlier.. I m going to bathe la
Good morning.
Haha yeah:P my bro didn't finish his composition:/ parents fetchinghim to sch now omg tension!!! He's going to be late for his exam!!
Ur phone number
Night night smochies to my sweetheart.  Laogong wan an!!
Hee. Have a wonderful night also my dear!! Lub u!!
yo! paiseh, yesterday wanted to call u in afternoon but forgot. sodid u go ikea in the end?
Whoa she allowed? YAY. Hohoho that's great. I suddenly realise how great your existence in hostel is to me. No more study room hanky panky,no more looking down to third floor while on the phone,no more walks at the track.
Hooray! That's so awesome! I hope she's enjoying the long drive. Haha                             now I have your number again!
s there now?
Ok. See ya later.
Haha damn I guess so): haha why so many math tests!
Ok..
when u reach here give me a call..
s the least a unique person like u deserve. Sleep tight or morning
Once tata's  <#>  sitter truck met with an accident against rajnikanth......Frm that day that truck is called as tata nano.Tata's asset should be insured by Rajnikant.
Hahaha thanks alot lol. Early in the morning I brought chivas towork, people thought I partying during lunch hours.
Then again, Mark is notoriously ridiculous
Thanks for reminding. I sumit le.
Me?Of im single n avail...hehe
Aww so poor thing the whole of Lorong 7 doesn't have Wireless@SG
I last checked still can't access lah. Haha.
Where you
Oops remove the 'lor' please.
I already cut my base liao wud T_T
I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
Next week eh. Haha cally shall book the tickets. :-D
Let me c... Wat exactly will our BDAE GAL be doing on next wed? hmm... kekeke... looks like i definitely haf to be free on such a joyous day liao
At a store outside emporium
>
Haha >< hopefully bah! Haha yeah sounds good to prank those ppl!Haha:P I fell asleep! Just woke up:P
Hon, where are you?
gd gd,, sent u the email le. hee, rem to do the financial aid survey
Hey, i'm outside SR1.
Haha same same lah... sleeppppp lol... okie I also! At most Sunday chiong arh!
Home le bblp
Aww lol
Hahaha how did you all find de!
Wait do I wear slippers or heels?
Thanks.
Haha I'm assuming you replied but my phone's being retarded and notreceiving it x.x sian haha chester's so late!
Hey Mr lim. I have done the patch work on a3 size paper. Do u have a3scanner to help me scan? Thks
Hahaha night
Vil try
Do you want me to try to arrange for bathtub on Thursday instead, sothat we can get other things done tomorrow?
Anyway its nationwide,though nus even cheaper.
Thanks!
Still an asshole -.-
u say until like i got nothing to do like tat
And stop wondering "wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?!" because I will tm you whenever I want because you are MINE ... *laughs*
Ya  <#>  is not a lot arh I am at  <#> percentile lo T.T... nvm nextterm test chiong arh!
Going 4 lunch. Cum arnd 2
Em ra
Gym then swim then eat
I can make it up there, squeezed  <#>  bucks out of my dad
I also dunno maybe they cut me up and do experiment on me lol.. hahaso random... u shld say u no make up one is naturally smooth de lol
Oh okay. Cally and I reach le.
Tues got chinese test, math test and chem quiz! Then wed got physicstest (: haha yea, sian friend jioing me go play Frisbee today x.x
DAMN THAT WAS HARDER THAN THE BOOK
Hey pink... Izit e fujitsu s series will come to sch nxt wk? Cos i heard frm xin lor. I thgt of gettin it but got no loan now...
Oh ok nvm then i'll just manual
Hmmm... Ya, dun thk so... Raining lor, not very convenient...
IndiaFly.com offers Booking of Low cost Air Tickets. Holiday Packages.(Goa/Manali/Bangkok/Singapore) Visit: www.IndiaFly.com Plse Forward to frequent fliers
Lyn leaving at 2 plus so do they mind taking over?
add
Nothing lor juz ask... Actually u can go earlier to buy tmr... But muz bring smth else in case ü cant find...
Okay. Thanks.
Ok
Our usual place seems occupie.. we might have to shift to PGP.
Haha.. Okie la... Meet carol and chong Hui later lor... They both on the way to sch. I'm going to sell my lens and meet ivy for lunch now...
Hey u check honors ass alr? Can gimme back?
O.O I tot is tml...gomenasai T.T... then I send u tml make up sob sob sob
:o i'm at library lololol
No objection. My bf not coming.
Yeah. I very 挑剔 de eh. So put in more effort :-D
Have u come 2 room?
Ok sure thing
Hey dad! My patelco account number is  <#>  :)
Everything's okay dont be sad anymore. How you feeling?
Okay! I think ask tencheer first? I'll drop him an sms but can helpsms too? Super sian my phone cannot send out msgs today I don't knowwhy): get well soon!!!
where are you?
Haha what else lol. School toilet sucks.
Thik hai
:o kua?
Lol im going cycling soon leh. Wanna meet me at ecp instead?
No
Fed already. Down to sleep. :-)
U  <#>  onwards not free liao ar?...after prof teoh meeting cannot meet?...
I sent u billy no wad. I dunno le. U decide?
How come my dar? U tired is it?
Lols why so random yh? I guess tis week will be busy doing tip. Psnxt week den go one ya :/
Thanks!!!!! (: (: (:
Good morning xP
Hahaha you also lai chuang de ah!! Cool! Haha really? Later i'm notup to her expectations how? Oh no! Haha jyjy!!! Concert at the end ofthe day, can relax!!
Hi I m still in Singapore!
good afternoon did you had your lunch?
Oh nvm I shall wear jeans!
m fine :)yesterday ü got found any sweety gal in tis chat room?
s eat out later. Just come home after class. Love love..
hp G <#> TU/ <#> TU I3,3gb, <#> gb, <DECIMAL> ''  <#> rs ... Dv <#> tU Same config but screen size  <DECIMAL>   <#> rs ... I din explore dell yet.....
Ok.
LOL OKAY HAHAHA SO TMR AT  <#> ? ARE WE REGISTERING?
Sup
Kk!
<3
Okay
Ok
Ok come my class get?
Lol aww how sweet.
m doing? U leh?
Ya but i'll be going from science center
Brynden Blackfish!
Haha i know! Facebook haha
s on dollar averagin lor, dun rem studyin it b4. Very hard if u dun have comp, ur fren do oredi? Mayb she noes...
Nvr use webvpn?
Im James d mad artist who loves music n all things beautiful What about u Do u love all things thats beautiful to u
Play as in wat?
Its a part of checking IQ
Of course. Btw, randomly generated UUIDs are not fun especially since the isp photo filenames are just that.
What ditched... I really didnt mean it..
You are.
A.
Genius~
m only free in the evening
Haha. Ya. My friend told me too.
Lols she aggro ar
Nope, my appt is tomorrow. I'll let you know what's up
Did it affect your CAP?
Bana diya na bahana...
Lol pink, green or purple
Walao. Good what. They protray a motherly figure leh. Then u nvr askthem if they listen to kpop? Haha.
If they send  <#>  then I do.
Haha maybe! Huh what thing plus ten mins haha! Omg hahaha what willppl think if they see you looking at that pic sia!!
Oh k.k..where did you take test?
Haha.. I wearing le. Wat time u all going over?
U thk i can call anytime i wan ah... I try lor...
I am! Why don't sound like me? Btw yest we cycle outside OCH
Really? XP
Great. Thanks.. Saturday morning should be fine..
Ok. But I shld b doing hmwk le.
What you doing?
First, dont worry, you are first. Second, im so excited as well.
Haha nope.
Hi friends we meet tmr morn k? Izzati not free!
Oh. Kk.. I Thor this coming Mon. Haha
Hey...where r we on megaupload with 4 ppl?...eugene and wee ann ok with it?...
Stop liao.. E ikea ppl just came.
Manou from aus
call me when shirt is ready  <#>  yogesh
Sorry.wat can i do it is in net
dear i zipped one to put in ur main dropbox folder. see which syncfaster. i go bathe first. u mayb can eat first
No lor, she wont let me see.
Home so we can always chat
Haha same here =) now needa prepare to mug le =(
Is ok.. u shld start sleeping earlier.. just now I lecture so nowthen reply.. feeling better?
Wat time going back hostel
Der
I love you too. ?
Good job, you. I'm still disappointed though.
No la...I go mit another friend. Höhò...U littat.
Hahah dont have. Why lehhh
Now at computing.
ll come out at 1...
I oso dunno how much, haven find yet...
Rohit for Pune..
ah! forgot my  <#> . later go atm take. dear so yeiyei. test me hor..but u noe i wont eat first one ma.
Yup that works..
Okay.
Nope eh. :(
Never tell me..
GO IN I won alot 7-4 $23-12. 1-7 leg $16.
I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first
I think ok.
The moon!
Ohh yeah that's, uh, a reasonable complaint lol
I'm here
Bring home? No need lah I think. And hor.. I went back to buy theflatfish,the one I showed you just now.
Send me some messages
Can confirm with u before 6pm? Cause might got something on. Paiseh
K
t know.. But audrey said time changed to one because you and xy working.. Will ask her later.. If you know liao, tell me also..
Waa nice! 4s ar? Download age of zombies
The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead & wish U Merry Xmas...
No prob. Busy now.
Yup... Sure
Yah, haven chat wif ü for long time. Wanna know how ü been recently... Maybe can jio ü out after my course ends. Juz came back this afternoon from field camp.
im 23 gal.U?
How long will you be?
While creating wives, God promised men tat gud & ideal wives would be found in all corners of the world.. And then he made the Earth round..!!
Good9 I fang qi liao. Dint do tut 8? if he 2molo ask me 2 present tut 8 I die liao. Good9. I want to sleep.
m at the pink tables area.
heeeee. i love u too dear! u gt watch tv now?
Yavnt tried yet and never played original either
5min
m gng, wanna meet at Orchard MRT 6.45pm (or earlier)?
Hi RANGER? Me lea 25 f mly? U?
Okay can.
U shit boy
hi..NINY18
Eh?! isn't that on the same page?!
Ok... C ya...
Yeah haha results not out yet so can still change CA, so I shouldreally do! Haha he came to take at  <#> ! That's why I'm going homemyself!
Den tt time u oso use e soc one wat... Hiya, u drop my pen, now cant write notes...
Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
Bah I sort of knew it. I'll check connections and solder
Near sengipatti de.. Will reach at 7 de
I thought u already asked for his comments?
Yeah officially with the teacher haha! Oh wow hotel!
I doing my part now, more or less I know what to write, just need todiscuss with every1 for how complex abdomen make sure all parts rcoherent.  <#>  u want or not? Lidat can make jaime come out withsomething lor.
Hey guys, I think we need to meet to discuss for IS consulting, sincedick and yf will be handling the client side so we 5 will be doing theacademic one. when u guys free? Help me forward to teck guan thanks
Hmmm.I think those breath oso considered 1k.
:o cool hahahahaha
Someone msged me i think it's kai he says he'll be lte
Happy new year! Haha okay.
hmm... i should be free... where do u want to go?
He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
Ya that's me. :-)
Yeah.
Hi hi. <name> here.. figured it'd be easier to add contact from sms.see u at the next legal aspects lecture:)
got meh.. mine is local one...
Yea can fetch me? Nid GC or scientific calc. Eh I go ur hse denchange sch uniform? At home no uniform lols...
Eh only can use a3 size le...
The  <DECIMAL> k is for food. So my calculation is: from the $ <#>/participant, $ <#>  is for shirt and $ <#>  for meals. That's why<#> * <#> = <#> , is used to pay off part of food, then the restschool pay.
mas. I was hoping we could meet up for a reunion dinner this sat (3 jan 04) at marina south steamboat. So pls confirm with me by wed (31 dec) whether you and your partner will be joining us. Please feel free to call me if you have any queries or suggestions. Thanks.
Noooooooo i didnt mean it. T.T i was at the mrt already then you saidyou were hungry. And i wanted koi also. :-(
Lol if you expect little of guys of coz u'll get back little. Thesame can be said of girls. Gd girls are either attached or marriedliao.
I cant. Nid card....
May this auspicious occasionbring you all the prosperityand good luck in your way of life .Happy Rakshabandhan to you
K mam pls bring redhat disc
ask Zhengquan, haha. i think he likes acting
Hey yun. I cant go for facial with you... late for tuition... So prob i will end late too... Sorry!
Haha sorry only reply now! Congrats hehe! I woke up late and missedmy briefing haha! Oh wells ~ pass you lappy aft assembly
Com1 can
Lols my dad overseas agn. Eh holiday till when ar?
Sure, get a few lor
Hey, are we going to the career fair tmr?
Hahaha weak la!
Kk tonight! Sure excited
U go plan and ask? We meet at orchard mrt. Thanks.
Good night. Am going to sleep.
mamu or kya love letter send karna ha
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
A movie o.o
juz nw u say 2pm rite?
Haha I'm really not close to any councillors! Except heng! Hahaha wegoing to watch movie and eat dinner only! Hahaha I want ~ hmm i dunno!But I got roll call at  <#> !
I bout  <DECIMAL>  end. Still nid go back sch Den need carry a lot tings.
Btw, adding spaghetti noodles does not work
yes
hello i am a little pig, nice to meet you!
Hey, i think i won't be able to do up the class diagram tml becoz i'mstill doing the coding part. Just to let u know first lah. Anyway,class diagram also hard to finalize yet lah.
Aight
Shldnt be a problem but I do have a mid term test on thursday.
I am very happy today.
Err we're not taking any tcm project right now..
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Not rushing you, take your time. Not going out tonight... Still dizzy so i want to get some rest.
Hey... So ür fren bro alreadi in e com eng course? Cöz i wan to find out more abt it can help me ask? Thkz =5
Guailan
Rem too feed million mum mum...
Okay =o
thats all lohz
Prashanth tld dat u spoke 2 hm abt intrvw. He jz tld me dat u vl b cald. so bettr ask da details frm him. tc.
Chicken one? Dont think so..
We v bored. Can go ur house?
Haha now stop le! Haha so the clouds moved to you:P haha ouch Irubbed some acid on my arm now it hurts): haha we doing indoors!
You reached?
smartdoctor ha password
He stil working...I ask 4 u ltr. Eh ard which part of town? Cine? Hereen?
Wat time coming my hse 2moro
Ok! Eating now. :-) :-)  thankew!
huh... i dun wanna go clubbing lei... i v broke this month... next month instead k?
Sorry missed your call. We figured it out, we had someone else's carkeys by accident. Thanks for calling back!
Huh muz send resume but i dun haf lei... I lazy 2 prepare lei...
Haha oh yeah I saw it. Lol she should like just post chiobu high eh HAHAHAHA
Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ü all for gek1510...
I'm here
Lol gd sia got 2nd prize.
No I think it was next door but I didn't know if you were trying to get in, dads having "bowel" trouble today he's not coming by
joking lah
Wah okay then I can prepare to go le.
erm... wonder if u receive my prev msg, anyway, i staying somewhere in northeast area (hougang) if u live near also i dun mind going to ur neighbourhood 4 d deal.
selamat tinggal
Hey tmr i meet you at around 11 ? Bugis?
????????????
No,not in hostel.
Passing him astro funds.
Lol ok your forgiven :)
Dunno leh...
Haha err try my best bah! Oh no, my bro took his laptop out to joinme ): haha it's fine de lag, though usually go with extended family sogot more cousins to talk to haha! Yeah I guess so ): eh! Tell me!!!You should tell me coz it's about me!
Sure
No problem with the renewal. I.ll do it right away but i dont know his details.
I shall! Love you too
Hey 2moro meet where
so u coming back now?
Got.. he go his lesson then i can pei u .
Alright lol
OK sure. Will join.
Orh. She still coming frm lot one.. <3 u! I meet her then msg u..
Yep I saw it
Hi Rasla, baba's fone got drenched in water she says. When u go 2 give things c 2 that pls. U can cal me in  <#> .May God bles u.
Yup 6pm  <#>
Munendra Yadav < <#> >, Tirtha GE < <#> >,
whatever is the case
Thks alot!
Hi. Ordering japanese food for you. May be slightly late,  is that ok?
Hahaha omg that would be damn weird!!! Hahaha send registered mail!Yeah she is XD XD I think Shi-chan is still the cutest though!!
Boo! I off class le!
Not some NA lg, some new innovation to Miami from New York =P
Noodles?
Wahhs how!!!! Talk to her???
s in army, of cos lose a lot of weight la... U c n u will noe lor...
I've sec, I'm talking to my parents xP
I there alr le. Sj haven reach...
Hey lucy, did you received the email sent by me?
Okie... Enjoy
I still have not bathe! So stinky now! Haha
I will spoil you in bed as well :)
No lah...Different... Mine is com engine...Nt together wif computing...I wan to noe pple going in wif me leh...Haha
Could you help submit then?
Yea its okay. U weren't late yest
I got this temp job 2 promote IT stuff at NUS fro 28 jul-1 aug pay ard 5.50-7.50 u interested?
I need $100 extra to buy some clothes
Hahaha damn funny he did with Izzati! Its hot pink XD
Some scavenger hunt thingy my fren thought up.
s house on christmas eve at 7pm for a nice christmas dinner. if you like, you can stay overnite too. bring your swimming wear too if you wanna swim
Hehehe kidding. Not bad,but probably not your type of movie.
Then =  <#>
O.
Go home safe!!
Never la. Cos I'm suppose to it wat lol.
Haha sorry mr Yee!! Got birthday celebration!!
Otw back
Izzit... U oso muz thank me cos i look aft millian 4 u... Muz buy some more things 4 mum lei... Nuts n candle lk not enuff lei...
Haha if phs see us tgt then dunno if abit weird! See how bah!
coming to the end soon
Hrrm ok can we borrow their hall too ^_^
No d am scared.
<#>
What do we have due for CS tomorrow?
Later we wad time meet to celebrate wc's bday.
Nw wr r u studng ? Hws the clases going ?
After running Lo. Where u wanna eat
Qiuxuan eh?
wanna club tonight?
Weiren and some juniors lol
Alright!
We are waiting for cab le.
Eh keep  <#> rd free got shaohao day.
where r u going.....
Pati-Business Me Loss Hua H Tum Khana Banana Seekh Lo To Bawarchi Ki Chutti Kar Du. Patni-Bhosdi K, Tu CHODna Seekh Le To Driver Ki Chutti Kar Du.
Hi
ANY 1 CARE FOR CHAT?
chou chou baobei. must be quite hot. coz u surely walked fast. reachhome tell me k!
Yo i've arrived.
Funny fact Nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife Natural disasters just happens
But I dunno who to ask!! If vivian were to find replacement I bet shewill ask bingjie lol! Ehh got Chester leh is that counted? Haha itcould prolly show that you bother about me right! Omg I hate you! Mineneed charge almost everyday! And Chester says you better not be late!
s my darling doing?
Then ü will be done at 3 ? Ü want me to wait for ü at yck?
Ohh its a condo, wow quite nice!
Tomw depends on wat time si going to meet us lah... If she not so early maybe we meet bugis else meet orchard lor
Lol, well I'll be there soon so whenever
Hahaha true true the violin was just too damn good!!!
Fyn .. :) me jus had now ..
Hey can give me.ur ic and ur name on ur passport? I need it to bookthe phuket trip
Are you willing to go for apps class.
ll msg em den tell u...
Haha icic! Yay okay thanks! Haha I dun really like moving but not mychoice ah haha! Oh my hostel room is clean de! Except my notes hahaall throw in one stack:x but regardless still fall sick more thannormal in hostel!
dropoff
Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
Hey gls, please make sure your participants have their breakfastbefore bringing them to lt <#> b. Thank you! Be at lt at  <DECIMAL> amsharp please.
Haha okay! Ooo icic idm ah haha! Yeap no training!!!
Good morning. on my way to office. Im feeling well. dont worry about me. have you saw me in your dreaming? hee?
be always cool
YEAH LOL.
It was not bad. Got  <#> / <#>
and if they don't have it out at the deli they will have it in the back frozen
Marsling
Who doesn't!
So later u buyu for me ba, hearty italian, today's meal, toasted with cheese, white chocolate, ice lemon tea less ice, thx
Hey, middle column. 3rd row from behind. I booked movie seats for u all.
u got any plans tonight?
It's fine =)
Hihi
Joey: Neo where u fr?
Hey I didn't recieve any online for le. Resend e ur EE?
Haha okie! Haha enjoy yourself then! I'm eating porridge yay!!
Hhaha any date that you wish to have it during the next semester?
Oh yaa after lesson we colect shirther
Wat u doing?
male sg urr
Right? He better not be killed that botch
I will bully u no more
Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great & successful day.
I have to be in soc anyways so coming over now. Where are you?
Alive and kicking
U female or male
Hahaha okay!! :P but I still dun like sitting in coaches! hmm? Itsokay de lah! (: (: have fun in db!! (: (:
ll call u ... Nitez...
Lols okay!
Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya
Aae tui ki amake eshe nie jete parbi
Haha u can try when she eat it lol... lol next time I shall try! Hahahow much is it? I also just finish my cai fan lol
Yup. Macdonalds lor. U at e airport already.
Hahahahaha yes lol. That's why I do software. :-D
Because I dont have gls already. Haha I will assign a helper to helpyou as part time gl ^^
K i vil nt so met some hadsome boys?
m here 2 wish U NiteNite! Sweet dreams, cover blanket tight tight
No
See page  <#>  of observer. Al around database. U can aply i think.
On the bus!?
Sup?
Oh no I came out of the house alr then I forgot to bring yourbooties!! What time will you be in sch on fri? Sorry sorry!!! ><
They nv configure properly. I used the same Mic to rec the songs forgospel rally.Going next year la. I going to scout lor. Maybe Wesley Methodist? Haha
We're gonna get dinner in like  <#>
Serious? U not englek?
Hahaha! I dunno, think they like each other since last year??
Hello, today Samantha has instruction at  <#> . Will she come? Have fun, Anze
s ok...
Ok, let us know what you think. Appreciate your time on a Sunday.  Iwent back again today, and feel more upset with the woodwork. Hope youcan make it right.
sorry for the lag reply. Next thursday very long later leh, a bithard to predict.
m goin to hosp. for personal chkup.
Meet wad time for dinner??
Now we got gift. Come to get yours.
K k:)
Ya la..
sigh..i guess so.. they are my secondary frens, if dun go dunno when will meet again
Same fking thing as delrin spacer. If they don't point out mistakesduring design phase, den wanna make changes suddenly, fking offer tohelp instead of commanding.
Since I can't pray for you face-to-face, here's a prayer thru sms: "Dear Jesus, I wanna uplift my dear sister into Your Hands as she begins a new semester tmr. I thank You for watching over and bringing her thru the past semesters and with the same grace You've given, we believe that You're going to do the same this semester. I pray that as she goes thru each mod, You'll be the one who grants her wisdom in understanding, and allow her to persevere thru despite the challenges. I ask of You to grant her good time management in her service to You as well, and good health as she faces the stressful semester. In Jesus's name, Amen!!"  Jiayou and give your utmost to God as a student this sem and witness how His name will be glorified thru your excellence! =)
i love you dear missing you a lot
Anyway just get the earliest Sunday timing for afternoon bah
ll still b workin tt wk lor... Haha, no fate...
Not really, why?
Is this joelle?
she chose to do wat she did wat...somemore her family noes...its abt looking at things more openly n accepting differences...
Ok...
T WANT CHAT?
Wat time u leaving home?
Call me
Sorry, I'll call later
goodnight ...godbless :)
Checking
u off day ah?
Hi. Is it possible to commit all the changes to your part by tmr?Then we can start integration.
Ok loh sat night..
Lol that's nothing. Yesterday mark was talking bout someone running 5k. And I was like oh that's not a lot of coins :/
"Heart beats are skipped once in a while.. Memories can be kept in a file. But my face never misses a smile, wen ur name flashes on my mobile... Gud mrng..:-)
Haha until  <DECIMAL>  right?
Getting raped by best camperr
Yup ü r rite... Ard 8 smth... If he not going then i take bus lor... Persuade him to go lar... Hee...
If u got me in this life.. Wat shold rayzen do..?
Orh ok but now ur friends coming, u wont b lonely anymore.
How is your course going on?
Dedicated to al boys- Hasinao ko apna dil na dena.. Dil ke jzbat ye kya janegi.. Kandhe ka dupatta to sambhlta nai.. Hamara DIL kya "KHAK" smbhalegi..!!!
happy birthday
Msg 82: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<062fa69577a9d4dac1e59213faef1c4c> , "2011.10.22 12:09:22
oo.. nv go out with her today?
LOL omg wow how did that happen I have no idea they knew we know eachother!  Hahaha so random of all ppl guess me hahaha! Nope haha my dadand I watching tv, my bro playing com my mum also doing sth with acoma
Being ask sleepy always
I got a bill of BDT.800 more than my expectation. Why?
mail to me den.This is my add:blk 724 woodlands ave 6 #11-502 s730724.Or if not,can deposit into my dbs account.This is my account no.. 001-7-169536
hi ricky, no one will be at home thursday afternoon, so if you andthe contractors are coming they must come and finish before  <#> .Otherwise can you re arrange for another day? Thanks.
U got go home before going ys? Can help me bring a set of clothes? Haha
Haha so wat did ü buy?
Yup! Going to sleep for another  <#>  more mins (:
U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
Yeah just like big bang. Anxiety... Act act nia
No.
Haha yeah! No lah, I forgot to bring my jacket down today and wasfreezing to death, so borrowed lor heehee! I dunno, dun think so bah!Hahahahaha to make it cleaner!
Okok
Lame! Join us la. U will slp de
Eh jus tell me!
Hey tmr night wanna eat tian ji zhou for dinner? At kallang there.
Ghar pe net he kya
OK i bank in now
Yup im still in school.
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
Stomach is OK... I think I ll just pass if I am relaxed.. so should be OK.
Haha nice! Do you want me to call tonight? Haha ooo I can't imagineher singing! Orh okay!
Lol our track ba.other track oso they dun have prize.tan wee Kek nv say hu first oso.Friday take prize tat time jiu noe liao.lol.
haha.. ok
With u?Neh.He..He..
GOODNIGHT!!!!!!!
Chou de, cone safely. Mug.
What?
Confirm. I want also!!
Okok go eat le. Ttyl
Half an hour more.
My dear, i have finished meeting too... Now going to nuh...
Up stage
K k
Wait..i vl search..
Hi thyag, when would you be free to meet at ankurs place?
Im at class right now, gonna call you back
Eh must see fsae got things to do or not lor.
???
No why
OK lor.. so where to find u to buy the ticket?
Oh omg hao?
Slept?
Hey I going sohjie hse tonight. It's 5mins walking dst frm railway.Can fetch me 2moro frm Bukit panjang
S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
Msg
Wow so fast one side? Haha yeah male! He's v cool guy (: haha newbatch coz the old one old liao! Haha I shall find for you! Tmr go? (:
!*
Hi Ing Cheong, any updates for our child's curtains? Thanks!
Im free on sat ... Ok we watch together lor
R1. Congrats on esplanade :-)
Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  <#>
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
Oh oh alright. How are you feeling?
Great! How is the office today?
Where art thou?
Haha I will probably get B too! Haha thanks>< oh yeah have fun:P eventhough I still think there isn't much to do in msia:P
Okok then I shld be going too
Where is my fire?
Ok..
Haha ya lo... see if tml they got cfm.or not lo... haha go our er renshi jie~~~ so u still watching webcast? I stuck at my assignment qn 1for an hour le zzzz
I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
<#>
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Oreo.. Haha.. Thou haven't eat nutella yet.. Lol..
u got watch the show just now??
Wa liew go fb see urself lah so many want me type meh
Ur papers with me!
K:)
wfnu9p4q
Yeah and you havent answered my question.
Hahahaha.
How are you holding up?
assalam aliekum,
this is mujahid....my wrk has bn done plz dont go anywhere 4 my work. thanks 4 ur coprtion......
if u recieve my sms gime miscal
Yeah I dont mind.
<#>  Dr. Ishan perera. Ask her to call and go.
Lol shut it... that means less time to txt too :(
Toshiba, HP, fujitsu r not bad, but HP one r more heavy
Ah I dont know if david is going down.
KBCQ A
Reach their hse le...
Oh hey we meet up this sun instead to celebrate yin bday. What ü guys wanna do?
Haha who's this? I can go, getting the form from huishi!
Ek Ameer Ladki ko School mein 'Garib Parivar' pe Essay Likhne ko Kaha Gaya. Usne Likha: Ek Garib Parivar tha, Pita Garib,Maa Garib, Bachey Garib. Parivar mein 4 Naukr they, wo bhi Gareeb. Car bi Tutti Hui SKODA thi. Unka Garib Driver Bachon ko Tutti Car m
Oh oh okay. Tmr can?
SET! Who else u wanna jio? I wan play paintball siaz
becos women think out loud but men don ..
s fast... U shop ard first lor...
Durin chinese new year ?
It lags in certain places
<#>
Dar.... still discussing?
Oh nice! How is it?
Nope no pre camp. But I can give overnights. Wont be a problem.
Lol T.T.... reading comic as expected! And just now still complain tired!
Dad are you at home? Can reheat the food for me?
I guess so. But little things do matter. :-)
Call me when you cone out
Gud morning Andrew. Plz giv my hearty anniversary wishes to ur parents:-D may they united together for manymore yrs nt only in this world, also in heaven:-)
payment already confirm,thank you Mr Budi It's my pleasure to deal with you See you soon on other purchase thank you
Haha i wanna learn the flute. Expensive leh all these classical instruments.
Bbl heading to sembawang le. Hee so excited to see u
Hehehe. I DO love it when you're here.
nus. aiya. where u?
take care with a proper diet, including drinking plenty of water..:)
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Haha the joy of giving is better than receiving. Oh who is yvonne?
Hi ricky, just sent you email. Any news about the painter?
Okay! Call me when you reach. I will be there.
Hey CoA u got the guidelines?
Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day.
Haha yup.
s not cooking... today go out eat.
In cab, call you when i am nearer.
Yeap already told him.
LOL I was wondering what the first msg was about hahaha! Cannot la! Ipon like alot of them alr, only came down for one so far hahaha!!
Lol ants are real strong creatures can. They carry things that aretwice their own weight.
Eh that time u help me hand in the jap work u hand in to which group?
Haha oh no! Well just let me know when you find it
Dun la jus promoted our friendship den u emo
kardi ha
K.reen u change ur number isit?hw cme neber sms 2 mi...so sad..:(
I have paid and sent receipt to you.
Shopping lor... Wat else... Wat u doing at ur grandma house?
most prob not
Hostel
Omg siao so wet! What was the passage?? Damn difficult right!
Homr lo
Kk going down.
Call me
You tired? Impossible ba... Strange
Wat is e nearest mrt 2 SRJC?
Haha why dun you sleep now! Haha yeah I showed her coz she is a bighp fan! Haha yeah but you sent me a sick joke today!! ._. Haha sleepsleep!!
You have to pls make a note of all she.s exposed to. Also find out from her school if anyone else was vomiting. Is there a dog or cat in the house? Let me know later.
Are you home?
Yes mdm! Hope today got yummy dinner lol... I slept  <#>  hour stillvery tired lo lol... haha then wat is the one thing scarly it cost $<#>  lol
My meeting should end soon. When do u need to leave?
Of cos!! Wah
Lol.shd be u help mi.hahaha.the lab shd be lame lame stuff.no nid code de.
Who are you
K
Me kaha se karu
Ok.pls let me knw wen they do.God may bles u 2.
Oh I alone now till 8
Haha okay okay! Faint haha I never talk to him before! Haha then gotlike classrooms and everything? haha cool! I still wanna hear! Hahaneed to get accustomed to exam timing haha if not I might fall asleepduring exam!
Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
Full heat pa:-) i have applyed oil pa.
Haha ohh up to you then! Or go out with them?
You still at andros
Hey dad I love you I'll call you in a bit! =)
Hmmm... When u come out den walk right, e area where pple always gather lor...
Please call me
Nop. Go where
Haha gaga is cool! Very odd and interesting! But Josephine is justweird haha. I dunno! Oh Chester put his arm ard me for a photo thenaft that he was like "someone's gonna be angry" o.o that's why I saidI think he knows! Hahaha why is it disturbing!! XD my pokes reallypainful? oops!! I will uhh... Consider:D haha maybe one day a girlwanna get close to you leh! Haha sometimes hints can be very subtleyou know!!
Yeah i going after ct ends ~4
enjoy
Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
Set! Dun disappoint me
hmm. u go whrre? daddy fetching?
Wanted to know if you wanted sheares supper.. left already free
Oops I was in the shower when u called. Hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. See I'm not crazy. Stuff like that DOES happen.
s clearer..
Congrats ! Treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.Respect mother at home.check mails.
Anybody wants to pump tml night?
Hahaha okay!!! I think  <DECIMAL> pm!
Boss,wish to intimate that i am leaving to Qatar tonight in search of an apt opportunity after leaving Tata aig.Look forward to your guidance and patronage.shall keep in touch.regret late sms.Regards,Rakhesh.Kerala.
Yeah exactly. It's a simple problem that	's hard to explain in words:))
Haha>< but I feel not nice! >< or spend like uhh max  <#>  bucks onme and then save  <#> :D haha!
K
Hey! ü girls watched twins effect already? Want to watch next week?
There is dou fu hua and you tiao,at business
K k :-)
Just got latest update..dunno if it's suppose to be good news.Overseas trip on  <#>  to  <#> .Frm sohjie. ALRIGHT!
Tell me by 2nite?
bus stop pe khada tha cham cham kar ke ayi cham cham kar ke chali gayi....kal me sindoor leke khada tha wo mujhe rakhi bandh ke chali gayi...
Tmr we go and look at the suntec one? We meet at 430 at suntec ?
i jux need a module as unrestricted electives lor.. but all e biddin so high..
Go swim la lols. Why u nvr follow ur family
Deal. Kk go slp le. Ttyl
Hey, so our grp consists of teck guan, seeteng, gary, dickson,yaofeng, michelle and subi. 7 a grp.
Dear reached home le hor? :*:*:*:*:*:*
"Vision without execution is just hallucination." - Henry FordLast day of exams!! Jyjy!!
Wtf ur bday  <#>  may la Noob! I dun tink can la..
Nai yaar..
i just board  <#> , think will late a bit
email bata
Okie... Really sorry...
Okay
game for a drink later
Or else u can come to icq then we discuss again for the last time for the project. Then edit the final product?  print, file it. Ok?
Hahaha no no now have! As in they gave cash gift for levelling up,then they gave shirt, but my clothes is one piece de, so the bottomwent missing! Then I levelled up again to get the cash gift that'spants, but the pants are just like really short! Like not evenshorts!
Lol
Lol sia.ok.zeng fone too much cui already haha.
you eaten ?
Hey... am I gonna see you next sem?
Have mini hawker stalls. But can bring bread. Eh I didn't leave trailsia 2day rained like mother. But u can try getting chased by dog
Ya have alr. Difficult
Eh if I never apply leave but I am not going back tonight then whichemail or contact number do I need?
So what u doin today?
:/*
Haha!! Okay okay:P they are nice ppl^^ what!! That's not the point!!It makes me taller!! Haha no omg!!!!! Paiseh!!!!
Eh jos ah... U wana meet tmr?
MINIMALISM ASSIGNMENTCheckReply erikaPay MayraCall dpsConlang
:@)
My mentor haven't reply me): yeah I went home!
I need details about that online job.
I finish class at 8 today..
Inside v hard to park...no jam on the jalan bahar...justreach...ssetting food...
No not the same.
Lols kk nvm
For e past 1 week i didnt wash my clothes, den now they come back sure got more to wash, so i just throw mine into e washing machine...
Omg you can make playlist on vlc!!!!!!!!!!!
So any critical updates which i shld know?
Ahh ps I just saw your message!
Now yee tee
Where got... still so angelic and beautiful~~~ I pig mah =p... hahaup to u~~~ u dun want come I buy for u lo~~~ so sweet right~~~
<#>Eh tis no. correct wad
Kk
Me reaching in abt  5 mins... Ü alone or wif ur frens...
Where u all eating breakfast?
Lols yea Ryan you Jonathan deer David hwang
kidhar ha facebook per aa
Ya
Haha Joel? I dunno leh, I'll be going Dec or Feb instead!
K
Aww damn. Means I dont have a place to store my camp stuff.
han
Reply reddit japanese ruby
Your mom told me you were coming
Ok>< see you! Come back fast and take care!
I in LT 24..Get frm u tut 8 later..
Oh am gonna do daa n idi ss.cumin 4 anythn?
Hammmmmaaahh.... Rchd bk thampi uncl's hws...
No management puzzeles.
Midpoint orchard.
Lols monday!
Hahaha
No the new p and vp not my mentees! Hahaha ohh I have no idea what to get leh!
Ps I got arp...
hi
Indeed I am. :) May I know the hardware revision?
Thanks!!
I in sch le. U lost ur form?
Nope... Haha just checking... You so slow... Melt already...
Yupz... Can... So when u reach liao den give me a call to pick u... Cya at ard 1230...
Nth yet. Rush here watch sj
Normallly u dl rookies diary from where ar?..
Nop
where you suggest?
So meet when at where? I'm at ct bench now nyway
Ok thks
<3
Haha ohh no super unglam!!!! ><next time dun laugh in front of youle! Hey you want to take 2 star on  <DATE>  oct? Jiayi Spencer JensSophie going most probably, can ask Lewis Nicky yuhan they all too!
Help me
._.
SMS_Jokes4Vijay Difference between Kamalhassan & Viajy: He acts in  <#>  diff role in one film(original).But Vijay is acting with same role in  <#>  different dubbed
Ya till thurs. Plan nxt nxt week
Woah again?! Lol you searching for your parrot ring eh.
re-sent.
is there any training today?
m out in e sea... So drenched lor... Anyway, not tt bad la... Lookin forward to sleep tonite...
I'm making dinner lol, what's up
Hi raghav!! Are you donating blood today??
Thks DADDY
Baobei I at tech service.:-)
WHAT HAHA. HMM.... WHICH EXIT SHOULD I TAKE????????
Ha... U jus ate honey ar? So sweet...
I reach liao ü can come down anytime now...
Ya
Lea hihi intro? Me 24 m sg chinese. U?
yup...me too...not reading anymore?
Okay. I think i'll be online. Will send to u asap.
According to the smb our class is at LT2 Lol niao arh
Half hour before econs lecture (i'll be busy though) and  <#> h -  <#> h i think not a lot of time
Pick you at 9-30PM-Behind
Nid wait to  <DECIMAL> ... Now chilling at kfc lo
heh kk up to u ba!
Ü neva ask b4 ü buy...
yeiyei, i really am the most fortunate gitl in the world leh. hee,..n i am so happy my laogong came over to find me..
Haha yups chatting with tay in her room now! Long time no talk to herhaha (: haha going home! Sadly no one to go home with tonight): haha Iforgot, dunno I think Jens or yeow xiang? Yucks): I dun want to kissany other guy >P haha what try not to, I won't! How is that cool omgyou deserve a poke from shihui!! SLAP. Haha I'm faster now!
Haiz... Ok then... Thanks anyway...
Just think... its Friday Woohoo party tonite!
Im going to sch hee
Shouldn't change that quickly what. Still tennis. And zzz if you never take anything can just run back and take lol
Meet us at kovan mrt lah..We r meeting there at 645pm..See u there..
Hey.. Mili.. Happy Birthday.. Hope you have great year ahead :)
huishan, I AM BACK!! help me book the cc ba.. haha..
Oh k k enjoy:-)
Lol ok
Both. Must take at least one arts one
Ok:-)
Playing cricket
Okay^^ answer the questions they gave also can! (: just left the house!
Raj?
Whee skated right in front of the F1 pit stops :D
ll be late 4 ? meetg...probab 10 mins.
Reached home le dear!! Ding ding!!
Civic... My luvrs dream car...
Anna the bus's coming so fast.. *Activate Rugby Alerts! Type Rugby & Send to  <#> *
Eh did u sms the wrong person?
K hereafter i wnt ask
It is so real~~~~ <3 lol I also not super gian lol.... ya lo told ulol... quit also good lol
OK. I hang out in r4 lounge/ TV room.
Oh nevermind =o
Ohh as in I was asking for the dates of the second week! Hahaha coz<#>  Dec i'm overseas!
Nice :D thks
K swity.
Hey, your OS lec finished?
Ask parent to send email lo. So u going?
Then ü wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c ü then i go get my car then come back n pick ü.
U subscribe wat speed? I thought 300mbps only 51+
Hmmm... Okie...
pls sms me d name of d wat lotion is that ?
Hi
Haha:P I'm not so bossy lah haha please! Just occasionally:D hahaha!:P
Oh
Walking around Funan, wtf at the maid cafe
(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
Hehe.. Okie! :)
Can also. :-)  You free next Monday? Maybe we can meet  <#>  to  <#>mins before lecture.
Does cycloalkane undergo free radical substitution
Im really guilty for sleeping through eh. I should have takenafternoon nap lo.
Nice! How was it?
Naice. I shall name the mantis MAMBA. Is he eating
Ok I'm abt to reach
Wanna gym at 4?
Saha now
She ask me ask you and raghav!!
I yest go only den Cant stay over. Erm train near east side?
E vampire show in which tape?
All the best to u too.
Hi, how are you?
No probblem. Meet at  <TIME>  pm tomorrow as you requested at my office.
You should! If I start learning, I'm coming to you
Lol thanks for the spam again eh.
U alone meh... Thgt u doin proj...
Yupz... Can send to me, dunno y i cant access... Thanx...
Mr tan we are chased out of the campus.
Lol mobile internet slow la deyyyy. Can le
Yea quite busy...
Happy birthday! Muahahaha
Yeh.
Yaya u Rly seh alr. U take vid of yh le!
Haha oh 7th is the one liwei uses! Hahaha I see you saw the emailHAHA. dying omg so far I only summarised the reagents for alkanealkene and alkyne, just die omg!! Still need to learn mechanisms!!
Lol... ok.
If you were half awake and you're full awake, half had to come fromsomewhere =P
Hi! How are you?
U knock off then message me bah
Tell any not in sms.
Yeap damn cute! Its fine, Karyee but she might leave earlier!
Hey later bring the bands down!
OK. Ask Vikram to come.. will reach in 5 mins
She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
Orh!! My lovely lovely darling I coming soon
Merry Christmas! May the Lord Jesus Christ bless you'll abundently. Mahanil, Dilnie, Aanjali, Shenal and Maria.
hello dear
SORRY IM STIL FUCKED AFTER LAST NITE WENT TOBED AT 430 GOT UP 4 WORK AT 630
What the?! Who? Erm I meeting fren
Emo lol. Eh nxt week no sch ar
Doubt clear cheythuo
yah.
Ki holo
I last week went gym 3 times then today kayaker till dean tired le lols
The guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, I know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and I can't be up there til late tonight
With my friends... So sad... Goin back today...
Hey can call me?
Happiness cannot b owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every min with love,grace n gratitude :-) :-)
Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
Waaa.. Jiayou! :) my brain is already drained liao.. Haha
3.Note on imbalnc economc growth btwen dif regions of pak
..!..
oo. ok..
Yeap u wan send me the softcopy? Then let me dad see how much.
THANKS (: (: (:
happy birthday
Hmmm... Got no movie to watch oredi...
hello aunty, feeling better today?
Alright!!!! (Y)
Hahahaa this is called 饮水思源. Lol dont want laaaa. Not like it'srelated to astro hahahaha
Hahaha okay!! I'm like reaching le!! Like maybe in  <#>  mins!
Stop
Ater want eat dinner with por por and hl ha. Dont call in  lib
Wat time ü wan today?
bigger than club 7, better sound system wif bar pole n podium dancer
Hahaha.Yao siew he oso super can act blur.I ask him then he ask mi back.then talk other things n ask if fc got a+.lol.
Eggs? Haha okay. No toufu ah hahaha
As usual
Ola would get back to you maybe not today but I ve told him you can be his direct link in the US in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. Or U????? For a partnership where U????? Invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!U??Wud b self reliant soon dnt worry
Ya I cant access it with  <#>
Why told lazy GUY
meet for soccer ltr k?
Hahaha what do you want!!! :P
Not confirmed yet.
Where are you dear..?
Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
K d:-)
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Haha I receive your smses late also haiz so retarded ._. Haha so yourparents end work around the same time? Okay set! Go get icecream milktea! Hahaha type finish le I was watching tv just now though! I'llsafekeep the sweets for you okay!
U waiting for ur sis? U eating luch wif me?
Thanks machan.
No calls..messages..missed calls
Madipakkam
Mch better now. Thks
The same here!!
But wait I can't =o I have to get ready to leave tonight =(
S + <#>
Dear, i no need to go sch liao...
Sure.
We r at starbucks... Not macdonalds...
xy:So how later meeting? U meeting yj later? I got a feeling tomw i cant meet u all.
Lol just got home not too long ago.fone no batt la.haha.
Cosplay fail
Noted. Thank u very much.
Ay joan can meet us.but she goto reach marina sth like tt by 430.i havin lunch wif her.wad time is e show?
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
I am very sure leh unless I am blinded by ur love to eeee such a boldsentence =p... stupid sia it is a sat and they set it at  <DECIMAL> pm-.- all no life one
Lol i'll be mostly busy but i guess if they need technical crew/circus acts i can help out
LOL okay hehe then I just vote that bah!:D
Yeah haha!
''Wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, My bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . Yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) Gud eveB-).
Ok. Thursday can go gym also. Desperately need some exercise.
Sent me ur email id soon
Hmmm... U goin huh... I dunno leh...
Rice ah?
SHE'S GONNA SUE ME
Now ok
(CH3)3 CCl do wad de
Everybody on the feed is talkin about how the band is str8 killin! And apparently some girl named kayla is supposed to be good.
Tml shld be okay, later talk to u on msn.
<#>   <#>
hey tml i go amk find u can? eed ask u smth...
ya cos over icq. I gonna hand justis the cd tmr or tue..
Woah sweet! How long are you doing it for?
R ü all doing project in school tml...
Coming now
Ripon I need loan of Tk 5000 and same will be returned after drawing salary.
Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
Did you really missed me today?
Wat?..i askd u 2 remembr me na..
Please go ahead and start eating.  Rain heavy, traffic slow.
hmmm. what program u downloading?
Lol expected
Shitz den y u all celebrating monday??
No I won't be able to. I have a lot to do.
Sweet dreams mummy:-)
Aww hao bah.
Hahaha okay means slippers sandals shorts all okay eh.
Nope! Last time I went was last year. Coz I have a karaoke room in mycondo haha:P ooo Omg so awesome! I shall jio my year 4 class go xD
Haha okay!
Copay*
Okay:D
Wait at which exit ar?
Oh no! Can rest now? Haha I hope you do well for the test! LOL sosneaky, distract them so they won't do as well right! Haha hmm:P theysuspect for a long time le! Haha no worries lah! It'll be 4 soon (;
Yea okay. Btw we meeting nyp 1pm hor?
Lol? Okay can ah. Haha
Ya but they nvr say who. Jus warn ppl not to do it...
Okok! My bblg so sweet! I go shower first.. talk to u later. Hugs andflying kisses for u!
Because she's the one to type it. Hhahaha
Are we having meeting today? 6.30pm at Sci Lib meeting room is it?
Hey kreen y so quiet?u bz?
What does the dance river do?
Kya hua leni he kya dvd?
Okay
Orh:-).  But the yeiyei bus not yet come.. ;(
Zhen ah, ask u ah... Can i do e sorting tonight when we go steph dinner? So i dun need to go sch then go home again...
I wanted to ask u dabao... Dam sick now wan chiong back sleep
Yea np
I feeling better already. Will be present for the lecture, tho not presenting.
no choice have to treat her
Yes i am going from school have class till 5 can u meet me at law fac i have to fetch my mum at 930 pm so we have quite a lot of time
I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
Hey I am in extreme crisis. Not sure if I can make it to practicetomorrow. Really sorry!!
Ello! Did u get the mms? Been trying to get it through since  <#> .Haha. Ur dear was actually standing right in front of u!
just finished 4 hrs of lectures
Can a not?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Haha pig!
They weren't very clear about it, but wear uniform
Hahas study for math honor test!
Ooohhh yeah
Hi I'm saravanan's tutor, alvin, here. Is it alright if I come by atabout  <#> pm later?
Ok
Go fool dont cheat others ok
Haha so you zuo bo la.
Der
Did some cleanin up... Damn shagged...
=P
Very nice
Hey, happy birthday! Do score the aces and get the babes! Haha.
Huh? Why not... Your that fren lor. Haha
donot angry
There bold 2  <#> . Is that yours
Ohhhh.. in all fairness he got a shit ton of tea, expensive spices,and somr eggs. And a jackfruit, whatever that is
s e shopping?
Please start without me. Only leaving school now.
Haha really? No space nvm de!! Okay! (: i'm leaving!:D
Halo Ireena pls intro
Tinataki emina unnaya baga akalestundi
Hi Sis, happy weekend ahead.  Just wondering, do you know theconfirmed time when your guys are planning to go to the house?   Needto confirm with the designer whether ok.  Thanks!
lol. nite nite.
Havent ask any yet. You are da first :-D
s wat she said? Wat did ü say?
<#>
Orh .. just saw dunno cheap or NT so asked u..
Mos Burger?
Send to your gmail liao.
Ah did i? You referring to the fb message right?
Dayum I feel great, some grad student asked a question and I was ableto offer an answer based on the  <#>  readings "well in Sapir's  <#>paper on NI..."
Cannot. My hands don't switch fast enough
Lea wanna exchange hp number?
Happy birthday??????????
South Carolina haha
Dang it! I forgot!Is there any way I could get it from you by chance?
yes.:)
Hey, i enhance the admin part and try to send u by  <#> pm.
Hi weicheng, shihwan frm nus canoeing club, we hav gave one of urteam bibs wrongly, ur num should b  <#> , bt we gave u  <#> , so, wenid to change the bibs.. Sry for the inconveniences caused
They nvr Rly answer... They were like saying dangerous le
Eg <#>  seriously like church.
Hmm OK.. why don't you just walk?
Hi, how have you been doing?
t be joining you tonight.
Sry was sleeping!
ok sure. see you there then!
Sorry--don't mean to blow you off, I'm helping with packing haha
Haha still skinny lah lol... haha nvm lah once in a while only...yesterday de meal quite healthy arh lol... haha then we rump thendecide bah
That's what I'd do, yeah haha
K k thanx
I can bring my harddrive
We have pizza if u want
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
I'm glad you think it's alright! I'll keep practicing and we can playtogether =P
I won the match,yes i did it!!
Eh hmmm u from raffle arh
Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
In another  <#>  -  <#>  mins!
Sianzz
Yeaaaaa
U can try reading the notes
Monowar when will you come to Bangladesh?
I'm outside our mno <#>  tut there.
I want to eat boat takoyaki at bugis ~ but its only 3 balls so notfiling hahaha!
Haha you really don't mind ah! Haha yups starting le! Thanks (:
Hee.. love love my yei yei laogong!! Go do your sauce. :*:*:*:*:*:*
my jobs less than one mth lei.unless got v.good pay.heh2- well,gota zzz.nitey my dear cya on mon! n.n
Ex se hain kafi bc bh0laY paray hain
Posb Savings  <#> .
Her message is so sarcastic.
Maybe around  <#> ?
How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
good morning
Mornin do we need to bring our jackets back? X
May be a bit late..
ya may be on adobe
Mohit Aj fir doctor se jb dikhaya to Fever  <#>  tha. Night me mjheFever  <#>  tha.
one day relief teaching zuo bo one just make sure they behave
Now?
( <#> )  <#>I think this is the bug dudes number, I can't call at the moment, ifyou can, can you?
It,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! Lool!
me jerm kh jh and u .
Yup bringing clothes... Bring light one lor... Yar wearing shorts...
Thanks! Cya tmr! (:
dun worry, its will lossen up after a few wash, at least urs is bigger than mine. dun worry lah
Hey... Will u be interested to watch matrix reloaded?
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
don't hello me ever.
s the least i could do. Good job! Impresario next! :)
Have. I'll forward it to your email.
Ha HaHa HaHaHa HaHaHaHa HaHaHaHaHa HaHaHaHaHaHa鈥㎞othing,鈥┾??㊣ suddenly remembered ur face..?鈥┾??㎡h my god..?鈥￤at a funny creation:-):-) 鈥〢yyo ayyo orey comedy.
Going to tke bath now..
Yep. They decided that the reason they didn't like the toast was the butter. Won't go near it.
Msg 183: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<3f20eaaf9243c8c2f86c5f0a74eb2cd6> , "2012.02.07 01:10:59
Haha your ipod dying already eh.
good girl go eat lunch le. mmuavkss!!
Anything lar...
Any new models?
Dear, lg nt angry. Just feel bad I not there to take care of u. Muacks.
Emphasis. Wat. Eh boss go le
PRINCESS,HI
Bring 2moro do!
Gym then swim then eat
plz drop some breads at my home
I got test tmr...Haf been slping at 4+
Look for e kid directly ar? How old is he? So he doesn't knowanything right? Haha.
Dar dar,, thanks for coming down and talking to me and accompanyingme today! Next time we go eat botak Jones k? :* love you!! Reach homealready?
Haha yay! Past experience! I told you Spencer keep distracting meliao haha._. Hmm? Dun understand that part about studying with me!Haha finishing!
Tell where you reached
Uhh at most i use irc. poke me at abt  <#> h
we finished the consultation already. we're on the right tra k, butwe need to look for some actual contracts to discuss how they may beunfair etc..
Train*
In class. Will call back
Can ask roy to buy 2 bottles of lemon tea up.
Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
Hihi! So are you staying in hostel this week? (:
Hey, sorry I forgot to bring the book out.. Was raining and I am carrying a heavy bag today..
Her hair clip lei... Wait she c i got so many things she jealous...
Ok. I find something to eat first.
Its a part of checking IQ
Okie .. point taken ..=)
Hi all, we are meeting at 9 in pgp then. Do join if you can. Rameesplease confirm.
Hey no teacher today.. these guys doing self practice.. I ll "comeoff" in a while.. wanna go for a walk?
Hey u returning 2day?
Dear I reached home le. Muuuuug
Sir, mera ek frnd Laxmi Nagar se ana chah rha hai. Bula lu abhi? Pls reply
Mar gaya kya kamine.. Kbi msg vsg ya ph0n kiya kar
Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
Haha my bus is like ghost bus. we chatted until buses came Lol. Yepsure did. Hope u did too! Nice seeing you!
Ah ya, I'll go, if not feel very bad, at most I tonight slp late.Lol. I go tell qh and ah Kor I going.
U didnt lyk dat i askd coding only na
Andrew, ur reading yest. Ws vry clear&gd. Gv evryting2 god&he wl bls u. Dont just wry. Wn god hs blsd u with many talents, nuture them all othr wl follow
Thks
Hello Yiyun..... How did your week go? Did ü had lots of fun in uni?   :)
Now at harbour front. Come douby ghaut  meet us 7 ppl not balanced team
Haha awesome. Damn I lost my earphones somewhere last night. So nowi've got a kuku headphones with me on the street.
Wahahaha.is my power fone can display twitter.lol.u take wat ah tiong mod sia.lol.
Mrt stn
Uhhh... the internet thinking you can stop war criminals by likingsomething? I guess the idea officially was probably awareness
You? :D
Yea.
I got the new house!
I got a happy table at lvl2 oso.
Hey guys,huishan here. i am not going to class later, not feeling well. Please update me if we need to do anything as team.
I am kind off busy today and tomorrow. I have some other project to be submitted. But we surely can meet sometime this week.
call call call!
Alright!
2moro got wat test or quiz?
I know. I also same problem. The wires loose
What time is fine for u?
u tried it? wat time e tok? cz i meetin amelia...
Haha maybe he wants to buy present leh?
Hahaha :D
can i call u?
Aight where you at
Sorry I just checked my phone._. I'm outside now, choice 3 better forme. Monday I got cca I think I check and let you know.
Hee! Blow s sweet kisses to u! Catch cathlch!
Got prescription. Will be off for a couple of days while prescription works. Love Gin x
I wish u were here. I feel so alone
Ya, tonight can!
Hai
No. Already got your ticket!
95 just went away liao? V. late?
m meeting another friend then can intro ü! 1205 outside e LT? Oh i heard weiyi is taking e same ss or gem as us sister issit? Haha.. Btw ü got laptop?
Okayokay but what's done is done lah.
Kk go where
Okay let's meet after roll call. Alex said he sent me but I nvr recieve...
Can't got exam...
Oh kk
Got class hor??
No i'm still at benchi
Thanx a lot...i tink u go learn some korean vulgarities then go scoldthe person at embassy?...maybe they scare of u will give u urvisa...haha...
Ello check out fb de message in case u all haven see!
u still have ur lect notes for 1101? can i borrow?
Posb
LOL very good hahaha how are you feeling note!
Lols yh sj they all join tagball le. Plus most senior take handball.Think I taking tagball. Wan join?
She s fyn..howz ur x
Lol I can see it. Lol you must be real bored.
Hey... Wana go pubbin on thurs nite?
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
Some egg soup. Very nice de.
Omg quiz on wad siaz. I not v sure too
Oh kk
Yea. I learning how play
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <#> Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <#> lacs..thats my prob
Vadu bike ichada
Ms gelek.. Did i rem correctly dat we going to do our hair tmr? Hee
Haha he replied you?
s house tonight. now going to eat seafood w my mummy.
Come soon
m in e canteen already..
Haha. Nvm le. I gave another number. Meet up soon!
Ohh no omg sorry I didn't see your msg!! So fun? Haha glad it's notboring! Haha I went to eat lunch then go home, playing single playerminecraft now!
Okay  <#> pm my house.
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
Hi A, kindly tell Ms.lane please that I will be late for about  <#>  mins. i'm on my way now. tnx..
Biz law tut is my first class tmr. Okay can. I'll print one copybefore i leave home tmr.
Anna at wat time r u comming?Im going 2 hv wash now it wil take about  <#> min,bye
Any info abt preethy
Confused chap.. am feeling sorry for him.  I meant he wants someoneto verify what we say
If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around
Haha is it? Dun treat me!! Save your money okay! (: haha who says Iwill! waiting for my stinky bro to bathe._. No wonder my room stinkslike mad, he always need to be pushed to bathe, sometimes he don'tcare then never bathe for 2 days in a row, I can freaking smell hishair from far far away, then everyone ask him bathe he still say wait!Omg i'm damn pissed sia, where got ppl dun care about personal hygieneuntil liddat one?
Is not at nite wad. Last time frm afternoon start
Ooo.. Okie..
Can do lor...
Haha... Now having macdonalds at engine, tdy first day opening.
Tmhre phn me Firdous ka nmbr hoga. Msg krna.
Wow go buy monopoly deal please. XD
Ok now same side pvt bus to kaloor
No nt at al..
Lol for who? Me? XD
s no prac tomoro. Those who can avail themselves for the meeting please sms me once you c this.
Lol! I tot that time we already have an understanding that we willall come late lol
See you! Too excited
O.o gd sia can fight with the ah tiong.lol.
Sweet heart.....
when u coming back?
Hey I tink we can book plane tickets first cus the dates slots arequite flexible
Haha haven't! Okay let's watch later:D haha! Poke poke poke(:
Msg 173: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<7c450fcffda82c8687f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2012.01.30 02:38:40
Whr ru?
Lol u write out first then we see how many tmp u use... I use around<#>  I tink
Did u got that persons story
we are eating here before going..haf u eaten?? wanna join us??
Where ü keep da tangs voucher?
SMSCASTLE Quote 4 students- 2 days before the exam-We refer foreign author 1 day before exam-We refer local author On the day of exam-We r the authors.
YO ROOMMATE!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! But you'll have to wait for yourpresent coz I wanted to get you sth cool from Japan:D
What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
Yeah. The bibliography do we have to write it in the correct way?
Wat doin d
Ohh right the cip thing! Uhh sun or Monday? Monday more ppl in hostel right?
Wonderful quote:  鈥┾??㊣f you hate a person...鈥㏕ell it!...鈥ヾont show it...       鈥?? Gud morning...
Wanna meet up sometime in the afternoon?
What
Yupz... Luv my trip...Weather is great too... Cant take e heat here now...
We can get your food and whatever
pore.nice 2 mit u all!
Hey sorry I got project deadline due this coming Tue so I will needto meet up wif my project mates this weekend
happy birthday dear wendy! hope everything turns out well in your life!
Nice!
Yes. Eh I nid to move my things out...
She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
m workin in suntec... Where u workin leh?
Haha eh fri i got driving! If i sat no lect i will be going home on thurs and only coming on mon liao. Okay lah see you tmr. Hey you saw my email? How to collec
Lol I just passed by people's park. The koi like no people eh.
Haha it's alright! I'm eating with my roomies! Hahaha I thought youwere kidding!! Haha I haven't really started, only creatingcharacter!
What time do we meet for dinner?
Did you start
Hahaha so what are you doing now?
I will. They're talking out back at the moment.
Ah wait. He wants the receipt, but someone needs to pass it to him. Iwill be settling some cash issue with bss on Monday. That's why I needsomeone to meet me tmr.
Hahahahaha my gf oso keep looking at blogshops.then she tell me the win 2nd prize de name like urs leh.hahaha dots.
i am going dinner with my friends. U study hard-hard ok. What are u doing? Very tired? Had ur dinner? Take care see u
Ah yes ofcourse. Have fun: D
Eh u too both packets of milo ar
Yeah I thnk so. You working?
Xt tonight also can play right.
weather is cold, gotto wear more .
Ya iphone show off lohhhhh
Why?
Seriously should play more bball, dam unfit, whole body aching.
Definitely. I made you read it, least I can do is take you to see it =P
LOL WHY NO WATER SO SUAY, MY SWYPE READ THAT AS SISSY HAHA
Noo coz I never reply you maybe><
:-o it's beside park mall.
Haha okay I get her meet us at bendemeer. :-D
Gud mrn!
Tell u tonight. Let me c how my hair lk like first.
Have a good evening! Ttyl
Haha ohh! No no chinese file! Pig why are you up! They taking randomphotos of each other now hahaha!
found the graphic for t-shirt design. ticket also book already.
Hahaha alright!
Its very hot
Now my work is going on?
Yes I did. They sent me a renewal form
nothing is impossible so impossible is nothig
Icic. Thanks for informing.
I dont know
Wahahahaha.
-.- sorry typo I mean can not cabbage
Andrew i am hving fver. Cn u pls get de list of hyms daush s playin frm roshl tl hm abt res. psam.cn u fotocopy frm red bk an gv.either dansh or shevanka can do
Haha dun need ah, abbie prolly watch before, heng also, vivian notinterested haha! Are you home? I'm slacking in dn, just now went outto buy stuff then weihan ksed my mouse!!! T.T haha and charles and Ibought jolly shandy! Haha not yet, should I go play until level up?Ooo icic! I also will fetch ah haha:P
Gdmrn,whr r u
I upload e songs into yahoo briefcase, u go 2 http://sg.briefcase.yahoo.com/, log in using the socfriends account, go 2 folde MP3 2 download
Hahaha hihi! Yeah ~ jeryl sim talking alot! Got db intro course HAHA.but most likely on  <#>  Nov, emo!
Ohh he's angry?
Tx.. Aur suna0
Pls call me
Lecture now .. end at 6pm
I waiting for her. She's doing the allergy test! Haha.
I'm already back home so no probably not
Hi I've reached. Near control station. Kiddo in blue shirt and black shorts.
* not 7._.
TN govt.offered  <#>  crore 2 RAJNI to continue acting in tamil movies. KA govt. offered  <#>  crore 2 SHIVRAJKUMAR to stop acting in kannada films(Costly shivanna)..
I'm in chennai velachery:)
Oh yeah, you're an awesome boyfriend coz even though your exam end somuch earlier than me you still cheer me on ^^
Okay cya then.
Lol
Happy new years!!
How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
YEA HAHA
i m vry sorry..
Leave
Haha no worries. Cally and xt's cheap nice recommendation. Haha
hi roy ! Intro pls ..... Pls sms at 016 5419814
Haha:P I see you!
Doubbbbble ip weekend!
Who coming
Bruddah u book Joel and me den on not?
Hahahaha u r great
Hahaha yeah ryan said the exact same thing! Maybe they pay less??Haha so sneaky!
when will you come home?i want to see you.i want to talk i want to spend time with you....send this sms to all married and ask them to send this to their spouses for a happy married life....hehehe...take care
she is sitting back and irritating me lot.. just do something and make her keep quiet..:-@
Hahaha they never say anything! I cannot control myself ah, can'tstop smiling haha! But i'm already very happy when I talk to you andthey know that le haha so! Haha oh no physics is the only thing i'msatisfied with now! Hmm but porridge should be fine leh!
Salt lete ana
Lol anything.
3 till 8
My dear,congrats... U also sleep la...  Good night.. Love u
Hi Stewart, I'm filling in loan applications and need to know whenvilla verde started its  <#> yr leasehold.  Can you tell me?  Thanks.
Hey, would be very late for e class.
Wah liao.. I got 2 D+ , 3B+ , 1A-... So sad.. Overall this time cap improve by 1.1
Okaaaay jeeeez
Nid pack up wat. Zzz laptop crash my EE gone. Fml
Clementi?
Ask parent to send email lo. So u going?
U sleeping early? I call u when i reach home k. Den u tell me where! Eh wanna go out look 4 jobs tmr?
Hey, i think u go help me book seat first lah. Haha. Either is u walkthru the glass door beside the acct tut rm or u walk down the stairsbeside the rm. Shld be able to find lah.
Lol i don't take bio oops
Y... U got lobang ar... Ok lor i dun mind but i got lesson until 4 tmr lei...
R6 lounge
Well you told others you'd marry them...
Whoaaaaaaaaaaa omg Chester are you sure its normal??/
Hahaha then you shall be charged for ps-ing your 好朋友.
Bro im serious man call me back...
Waa how come they first? When's ours
book one court is enough ya..
X(lg7-lg4)=- <DECIMAL> lg4X=- <DECIMAL> (lg4)/(lg(7/4))
Rawrrrrrrrrr but stilll the alerts are like coming again and again lol.
Crud pw meeting lol
Yo! Just wanted  to remind you about the hard drive if you get achance anytime soon! Love ya!
Everyone had to experience the red wedding. It's the way of the world
Heeee orh! -:)
Our tutors not gd mah, so he go thru tut 1. Oh, he start lect now liao.. Wah, wait 4 who ah?
Nope my sis frens got go... How ü noe got sale ar... Ü got go? How i send?  Send to ur email?
Dnt cum mam got d record frm me.she is only having it.
dar u go alr?
Just now talking to my mama n sister. Heh. Juz finish eating. U?
Sophie abbie friend hk wenbo Jeremy junxiong!
I wan to go clementi buy books... U wana come?
hi, i been this room 30mis but no one reply, so pity, can u reply?
what are you doing idiot.
IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
Haha Sure, thank you! :-)
Aiya, e instructor oso close one eye... Gee, finally finish oredi...
Hi the weather is bad so connection might be bad but wanna try skype? X
Your message was blank! Same to you, LOL!
dude! still awake?
Lol thanks thanks. You can punch me  <#>  times lol.
Say how much?
Uhh tmr morning i need to get 1 or 2 parts i ran out of from sim lim.
Really. Wonky as in?
s bringing her laptop for testing.. juz see if u free anot...
Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
Haha. Wah u seldom send this kind loh. Really diff now with your flings ard.
ok, when is e interview? u need more pple? my fren interested oso.
Haha,Only he can make u guai... Den u hit him back la, so simple...
Il cm at abt  <#> pm k
Working out my shoulders. Gimme a momento!
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Are yahan do time naha raha hun
Sent u le
Oh ok can
Ok. We met to discuss the visualization.  Nothing in particular came up.
Dis dialog is frm sargent doakes (who wil latr come to knw dex's dark secret)
K
Wah wah okay lo. I shall blame my mum for giving birth to a 欠扁 son.
e last one i watch was the one i watch wif u
Glad you enjoyed yourself and the food! :) take care!
Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
s called namly clinic or somethin...
Damn
tell u a embras thing jus nw, i play a slow music in a middle of dance son,d morale of d crowd suddenly go blur,and they boo me they punish me drink 1 jar
What time are you free?
i dload tat one liao. can u help me dload the next eps?
Happy new years!!
Haha....so cancel rite?
Thanks for buying :-) eh. I think I forgot to return you $2. transferto you by bank?
Yup walking towards class le.
Anna is at abudabi airport. 1 hours time flight.
Haha psps!! COOL SHUFFLING!! Hahaha you were super funny lah:D
Yeah andy lim eng kiat.
Ok. Will do tonight.  Thanks for your quick response.
Comic ah? Not.novel?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
No no we forgot she cannot go in the room haha:/ 3 of us came backhaha then looks like she still wanna cycle!
kaihan can giv us a lift tmr, so u comin wif us?
I was just thinking and hoping it'll end in 1 hr actually. Haha
play counterstrike online?
Haha dun want! So weird:P hahaha can de lor!!!! Ooo okay! I dunnothough): where can we go? Ehhs I didn't prep for it yet you know!Hahaha yeah it was like  <DECIMAL> kg! Haha orh! X.x
Tu kahan hai?
Must get well asap okay!!! ((:
=D
Ok! Wat time?
2r m2 baje r selfsh manush ami 2to dkhini..nijr kaj ta bujhe nili,byas.amr j kchu hlo na,u dnt even care.
If I got go clementi I'll text u.
Arghhh not enough sleep... feel like skipping :-\
Today lunch, e whole team eat together at e coffee shop, then we split 3 tables, end me n him only at 1 table. C now i hv 2 keep myself occupy by msg u.
It was awesome
Quite bz today... Cos meetin diff groups of pple today... Shagged... Nxt time try harder la, dun give up...
LOL DAMNNNNNNN HAHAHA LOL WHAT THE WE HAVING EXAMS WHAT IS THERE TO SUAN HAHA
I will reach ur home in  <#>  minutes
Wow.. Say until like that wor.. Ü win liao la.. Haha... I mean when ü free la..
Hi Sue, weekends or Wednesday day time might work if early enough.We have a young son who needs to sleep by 7pm. So, I'm sorry but thattiming won't work unless the parties are ok without seeing the masterbath and bedroom.
Goodmorning sir, will meet 5pm. 鈥㏒enthil-hsbc.
Wow hardcore o.o if only i could do that in math... What was your lecture?
Just checked. Dun have sia
yeah thats good, il come yours first if you want and drive? half 1 is good for me x
Haha :P I don't know! Oh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh >< haha 尽量 okay!!Hahaha i'm looking forward too! Yay!
Ya.watching show just now and charging phone. Hehe. The roses wiltingalready.:( Your roses still good?
Captain is in our room:)
I forgot also. Haha. Okay.
Were u @
Yeah but every night I pull out the bed I take care not to pull hischarger out then he do only mine come out. Zzz. It's turning on. Verylag. Haha are you sleeping?
In chennai:)watch captain tv now :)so fun.
Tml n sat I will be out the whole day. Today I will be in schooluntil night. Anyway its better to be in school so I can show u samplesin my lab.
Gothere.sg says no reasonable routes o.o didn't even show the mrtone! Yeah heehee coz its in front what! :P
Sorry,hands were full. Managed to take my phone out when I get intomrt. Going for your cca?
Haha not really heavy eh. Still walkable.
Okay sure sure. Thanks.
Am i nuts
Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
Happy Vishu to You,chechi and kids.convey regards too.i was at shabarimala for darshan.take care.
Ahhh cannot la. Too little
Hi Andreu, did u c about jobs 4 london A/L with sim marketing? Its realy a help. May God bles u
I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
Sorry we had to go
heee. muacks! love u so mu h too!
hi
Wahhh like that lo. Haha alright.
Akcent's wats my name is also cul
Hmm.. maybe nvm.  Today I stay later in school.. maybe till same timeas u. Lol
Hey st and df, u all do the intro, conclusion and exe summary. Andalso prepare questions for other grp if need to. We'll do thepresentation.
then mama still in jackpot room ?
Bout  <DECIMAL>
Ohhhh snap
Hokay ^^  when do you guys wanna come over?
Ah send me the teeshirt design. Tmr jingting will find someone to print.
Ricky, can you please let us know your portfolio from your company'swebsite?  Thanks!
PS! We can say the concentration of the dye affects. Also thebackground creates interference that deflect the vortex. And usualstuff like TD affect vortex radius and MV affects stability
Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
hey i watchin movie now. call u back later
Woo hopefully wont clash with the camp!
<#>
s0o o wwas t day:-)
Hey. I reached bras basah complex le ar.
Want ma daa assign di ll give back after 5 mins
Jus transfer dryer?
Haha yeap np later take from me!
No. I dont want to hear anything
Nxt nxt Mon u free?
Wah pang seh
Lol cheh. Nvm then lol. It's kay.
Now on
Thanks so much dear..:-)
Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. You are very dear to me. I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
Hey, paiseh. We're at dr 8 in lib.
It depends, u see yourself u can better know wat's suitable foryourself ma. Haha.
Mrk lo unara enduku
Oh wad info u nid? Send me I forward em?
Ya u keep kajiaoing him. He not as fierce as he look though. Cool guy
yup for non-voice process
Safra lo. Swim where
take the  <#>
Hey can glen and me drink some of ur alcohol?
Me cant sleep last night. Ok lor go now. But if 2 bored we go off. U need 2 buy dinner back today?
Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
I want to lick your pussy now...
Thik hai
I hv decided nt to see any seriel til boards bcz dey wast alot ov tym.
0ye kaha par he.. Aj m0vie dkhne chale?.. Am in ajmer
Hi kent, just a gentle reminder regarding your cousin's feeback. Haha.
Ok meet at  <DECIMAL>
Hey hey ms phua, are you uploading the photos for ANE soon?
I jus watch only.. its a repeat telecast anyway. wad u mean try to do? thn got do anot?
Yeah eaten.
Haha okay can.
lol..
I going free and easy but only today till 1pm. Yea any cadet'sproblem is the president's problem! Count on us
U later free? Wanna play mahjong? Lol cause my exam finishes at<DECIMAL> . Haha
I miss you
Sup?
yes
Dosa :-):)
Haha my classmates.
No, is on your dwsk
Haha. Ic. Hmm.. I'll say u've to see whether if this girl is goodanot lah. If good, shldn't let e opportunity goes bah. Haha. But ifshe's just another clubbing girl, then i'll say not worth for u to getserious.
hey. think u shld b spping already.. anw, tmr aftetnoon gg out wifsis. evening dunno yet. why lei? u wan treat beef ah? lol... but i duneat beef de.
U came to see the ice truck kiler in da ending scene of 8th ep!
Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
ROLLIN y no reply frm u can u msg me at 94729125.
Much better now
I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
Art
As in so random you just meet awhile!
oo,. ok.. then u gt go out fetch da jie? haha
Lmao u nvr stop him
K bye.
m a guy...how abt u? Cheers, Kovai
Noice
I not at home now lei...
Call me
Bro thnkgeek se mangwa d0ge kuch b?
Hi:)
Nah, I'm a perpetual DD
U went gym?
I'm downstairs lol
To worried about school. I totally regret it now lol
Till  <#>
Hws ur clses ?
Just arrived, see you in a couple days <3
Nope!!
I looive my winderful gurl hee
Hello... Haven seen ü for some time. How have you been?
Yup
Pls sent me
K see you guys soon
Sir, i am waiting for you. 鈥┾??㏒enthil.Hsbc
Hum pandey ji he.. :-P
Testing
<#>  degrees here :-P
Lol end of may liddat
Update liao, rmb to send to scrum sim to update us his tasks leh. Haha.
Bring ur passport details too!
s true.. But its tiring, dis kind of service job.. Where are u going to look?? Newspapers??
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
Tel
But aft da show 6 smth oredi... I thk eat out lor...
Haha decided not to! Ohh then how, can make it in time? I'm gonnabathe soon! (:
Scrollbar?
<#>
Where u now
K I'll take care of it
What do you want from wm?
K
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
sent u the photos in watsapp...pls check it
Sure.
"the history is sad"?
Im not workg...Wat time junmèi aft work? I saw david ytd...
Okay I come down now.
No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
Hi Ricky,  any update?
Jerk
Ok never mind.
A eh. How's yours?
where? yio chu kang?
Carpe
Alright thanks!
Haha i'm not worrying! I just paiseh! Haha what if i'm not up totheir expectations of your girlfriend! Haha I just got your msg! Soreaching home le? Oh my I meet so many of your friends!
Jeremy, tmr you can get maisie and gang to find lynette if you arenot coming down? She's distributing manpower for the station gamesle.
s goin on...
Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
No..Coz i haf no lab 2dae..
What happen
HAHA NOV
HI!ANYONE GALS WAN 2 BE MY FRD?CAL 90785367
Yup thks!
How do use excel...? Can instruct me how to use it?
s guinea pigs? Fri-mon. She goin genting...
Hey Arti, lets meet in pgp at 9pm.
Thanx i got an email as wel. I am hapy2 hear that de practis went wel hope u gv de photocopy of salm. Much betr2day. F i cn i wl come.at wt time s de practis?
<#>
Wow, so early wake up ah...ya ya, i wana join lor...
Today we have a meeting at  <DECIMAL> pm in s&h seminor hall  -vani, hod. Inform to all final mca
Prob not. I have to leave @ 5.
Oh thanks. The talk was like a brain wash session. Haha.
ll b in australia ma... Oh, cant c u liao darlin...
Haha. Okay!
My neighbours locked their dog out of the house again:/
I now watching tv, leaving home ard 8. Call u when i leave k.
"I like this world. I like drinking champagne. I like not smoking. Ilike the sound of Dutch people speaking Dutch. And now... I don't evenget a battle. I don't get a fight." <--- another good one
sure :-)
Think + da. You wil do.
How u look like
I'll leave my house arnd 8+ reach your place about 9 then go up grab stuff go school; it's ok rite
I got it right? YAY!
Hi
Okayyy... I cannot tell if you're being sarcastic. is that supposedto be easier or harder?
He say he reaching at  <DECIMAL>
Jeff 6pm at my house if you wanna take cab.  If not  <DECIMAL>  at ily :D
LOL I usually don't when i'm with other ppl coz it's not very nice!So means when i'm replying you, i'm alone! Hehehe!
3mins
Dear dear, I'll b missing u every step of ur way home. Be careful myhubby,I go bathe first. No need reply *:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:
K leave i am nt up to ur level na
Hey choong and I going ubin le. U wan cone along?
I sleep between  <#>  .. Nt a fixd tym
How come u so pig? Go lor, tdy weather not bad plus tmr holiday... U eat ur lunch first lah.
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Lol u shoulda called me. I would've rescued u. And bought u lunch too. Steak yummm
Hi Ricky, how about 1pm tomorrow?  We are a bit flexible so if you orDesmond have a deadline then we can change to another timing.
<#>   <#>
Which paper
What I dun get the first part!! Hahaha SWING IT ARD THE ROOM!!!
How much is it ?
Att is really really really bad here and expensive, I think Comcastwill be okay, but they said we need to get a router, but otherwiseit's nearly set up
Hey. Its at e marina promenade rite? Thats outdoor near marina sq? Do u know abt wat time it ends?
Haha okay.
Sure it's flexible as long as it's not too early
m fine... Slackin at hm lor cöz decided not to work as surveyer... Then enlistin in end of june or july... Wat abt u? Hows life for u? Ür plans for aust?
What you up to
Serious? I hate chem. My worst subject now
I dont have :)
I go take a nap first. Later maybe i meet u ard 5+.
Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
Ling  <#>  OH
I end at 4 le. Where u now
Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
Btw you suck because of GoT
No more stairs liao? Its bad for your knees so stoppin is quite good. Wat homework r u rushing? 1pm flight? Ok... Mayb i go snatch josssticks... U know?
I'm doooooooneaaaaaaah!!!!
Ehh still need the consent form? I want food!! :D
U find first. Only me alone.
Wow really? Why did he change his mind?
Sorry haha
Ok (:
I guess lol. Oh, and Mark's boy here, I saw his housing packet in the bin
t working for several hours
Yuh so funny. Dun feel bad abt me. As I say I wont go home. I wont let u do silly things b4 me.. BYE.
Cme ol plz..
Detached it?
Hahaha its just a quiz! OMG I REALISE MY CLASS HAVE ALSO HAHAHA. JUSTWHEN I MOVE AWAY FROM WINDOW SEAT! Haha omg noo if mine corrupt I willjust emo! It's so cool right! YOUR CLASSROOM IS SO DARK I DON'T DARETO GO IN
Brandon Becker
IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
Haha..Ok..Sure..Hehe..Must buy thing for me hor.Keke..If got go out eat farewell meal with u.Keke..
Me fine..absolutly fine
He and yh got some cip shit I tink
Haha just try bah! Reach le mah?
Tis morn still can use wat... Stupid hp...
hey wat order today
L8ter cause I dont no how im going to get there. The train isnt running tonight and the snow is too deep
you sick ?
tampines or orchard. you choose
K, on my way
Anna pls send me auto nazeer's no.Have 2 cl him to go to stand at  <DECIMAL> . If u can cl him and ask or send me the no.Bye.Gbu
Welcm.Gud n8
Lol Sian.zzz.omg.slp now hahaha.
Hey me n sj and phua going 2nite
Good nite ;)
Ooo I just got your msg! Its nan demo ii! Hahaha! I dun know what'saround the place!
I was going to msg u... Can meet at 7 at orchard...
K
Eh where in clementi did you say have fishes?
V told bhuvana to giv for us
That time I was charged cheaper because I got  <#>  orders. So ifonly a few, I dont know how much they will charge.
Okay. Nvm then. I think maybe they're not interested. Haha.
Dear got train
Lol we want to play mhjong la. Haha, I thought you today whole day free.
Ok thks
Hws ur wk my fren?
Yup... ü free in the afternoon? We must go buy jigsaw puzzle for corrina
Hi, d u knw when d peterite choir carol service is to b held?
Ok but I send the assumption adding a paragraph for the part ofindirect route le... anything need me after  <#>  sms me
Haha no no I had stats today, it was easier than i expected! Oh no>< pain?
Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?
That's great.
I ws bit busy wid cookng...
Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
Ha bhai.. Sun ek bat bta.. 1 ko jaipur me mtch he.. Chalega?
Hi there
This sunday earliest I can make it is 4pm..
Cool. I be in r4. Cya
<#> . Not sure
Or remind me in a few hrs.
Eh its ok small thing onli.u confirm when n time again with mi ba.
Hi Auyong, no problem.  How about meeting at Choa Chu Kang MRT onSat/Sun if you're coming by mass transit, or at our current residenceat The Warren S( <#> ) if you are driving.   Let me know which isbetter for you.
I have no idea how to convince mothers..
thanks for your help.
The rest free nt? Den u wan to go chiong after dat?
Ya I have them. I thought I've given you a copy of it already?
2moro going Joel hse?
Who isn't?
Hey yeah I am! What are you doing Saturday night? Would you want togo to a play in Saratoga with you, amber, Shevawn and me?
N0pe dude we neva met anywhr.. I g0t to knw abt u frm rani.. I h0pe u stil remembr her
Ya... Goin w fren is more fun... So how long was ür trip?
Nvm lah. All your other mods got A right. No wonder nvr pull your CAPdown. Haha. Next time see them, they don't recognise us liao loh.Haha.
Haha okay I think I'll nap until  <#>  then continue awhile bah:/ jy for math!
Hi guys, want 2 chat with a guy?
Yeap, just did..
I emailed you.
hv u confirmed a part?
No
Then wat r u doing now? Busy wif work?
Wo Yaad Nhi KrteHm Bhula Nhi SkteWo Hasa Nhi SkteHm Rula Nhi SkteDosti Itni Khubsurat HaiHmari Wo Bta Nhi SkteAur Hm Jata Nhi Skte.
Maybe u reach liao, i also haven't reach loh. Let me know where u sithor? Haha.
Yeah
Oh okayy
Workin in an australia bank... Cant la, v sian of workin oredi, haha, let me rest enuff den work again...
Ya sure.. i think Shiv is sleeping.. but I ll be in biz in  <#>  mins
(: not ohh:x
sir formula dain ge paper main?
Find leo.ask leo come  <#>  for his phone
At home. Reaching at  <DECIMAL> . U?
Psh features are beautiful
i still on  <#> . abt  <#>  mins ride
Okie... wow lol.. ya only that 2 method anything else need me do just email me
Cum up
Ooops.... Sorry you didnt bring along ah... Sorry..........
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Haha okay jeans then! Haha how did you miss 2 omg!! Haha ooo I dunknow! Ask wr hehe he might know! Haha oh shucks ~ not raining!
Oh
Sorry.. change to  <DECIMAL>  ok?
My mama cook. Hee. No need find food later le. Kisssssssss!!
Lol i not even taking chem
Yep. Lols I no shoes to wear today
Yep no prob come take
Haha guy or lady?
No prob lah. Last sem u also treated me char siew rice so same thing. Haha.
LOL
I love you too! Happy  <#> ! Hope you get a fresh start!
Ya I was cycling.
Need me help dabao chicken rice?
Happy Birthday.
m open.U can b plain honest.Cuz thats wats important.
Hey mom! I'm sorry, but I'm going to church tomorrow morning withShevawn and her parents. We're driving back to Santa Cruz now. Loveyou! And I'll talk to you later
Hihi Chris! Sorry coz i'm kings stuck in the rain I may be late><
Don not lei
Ok
s play...
I want u to sms my hp
Ok then u need it later or I put in loft?
wht r u doin?
I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
K...
Wah... Wah...
So how was work?
Haha I knew it! Ahh but I just put de! Haha I just received your smsalso, sian! Haha eaten yet?
I'm not coming.
Yep!
Ok. U training with us?
Just dinner and playing my guitar badlyHow was your birthday?
LOL. Glad to make you happy o.o ohh no I wanna sleep somemore but Ihave to go Izzati's bday celebration!
Tmr mango got sale. I mus go c c. But is it storewide?
Lol near my house there... they were standing so cloose to me andtalking so loud lol
bye
sup
Yo..I pass u the scm textbook today k?
Duno, mayb half hr will do. if u busy u can take ur time. I can chat w ron or go shopping lor first lor.
Check audrey's status right now
Dude i'v g0t item bt d rat of ganesh ji was br0kn..bt Its ok i applied fevi kwik n tht w0rkd.. Try to pck as g0od as u cn frm next tym.. I'l c0nfrm reciept t0mrw as i'm out of statn.. Tx for transctn
脩枚 da...sithappa took your record...he wants..
Yeah, quite troublesome, but it's a one time thing mah.
Okayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyt
Yup can.
Hey do u wan to meet LCS in 1st or 2nd break?
Uncl wid me.
LIFE s nt abt riding BMW bt abt 3 frnds on a Single bike riding round d city...!B-) It's nt abt  <#> Rs Coffee at CCD,bt many Frenz 2gther sharing  <#> Rs Cool drinks & stil njoying...! :-P Lyf is nt abt eating at very expensive Restaurant, bt abt Few Frnds,a stove, late nite & boiling Maggi...! :-* Life is nt abt hearing song in hi-fi music system in ur home, its abt hearing songs from ur cell with single ear phone n two frds sharing it...! ;-) Lyf is also nt abt  <DECIMAL>  ton AC in  <#>  degrees cool level, bt abt few frnds lying on Roof Top in Summer Ni8s gazing at the Stars & talking abt all Naughty things they did in past. ...:-D dedicated to my budyz . .
I can't do by 2moro. Prolly Tues hand in
That's a good girl
Ok..
I'm going to try convince my dad to buy me a dslr:D
Oh okay what do you need?
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
Ya... She really wana help her fren sell e tics lor... Thgt of helpin her buy la... U wan den we go together lor...
By the way when do u want this week tuition to be? Sat I'll only befree late afternooon and sunday morning door night.
I was with the team till now... bit haphazard but they will be ableto pull it off. - from Ramees
Argh then I dun go la...
Hahahaa you used to type all the words in a message. What happened to you?
Cool, I will allocate a night for you.
Okay!! I called ryan, he said bugis at 1 hahaha! But I need to be atnus by  <#> !
Ok dear.
Tmr got to work, n having dinner wif my parent n somemore my sis using car earlier so me n sandy not going.
Tere bhai se bat kar na yaar
Go back soon!!
Yup but not sure if going my ahma hse first
Haha im not going eh.
Yellow ribbon prison run rank  <#> . Time  <TIME> : <#> . Wads urs
So we continue?
Moms not here and you can't come in, but I'll leave your stuff on the porch and you can get it in an hour.
Oh... Where are you now? I am at chinese lib.
Have. Hee
Hahaha ikr!!!!!! T.T
m reaching soon..where do i walk from there??
What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
Raywilliamjohnson is the 2nd most subscribd chanel on utube. He reviews funy videoz in his videos wch makes u rofl lyk hell. V.funy
nite nite xuany poo. niaoey poo wurve u!
"You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you to go and bear fruit- fruit that will last. Then the Father will give you whatever you ask in my name." (John  <TIME> ). Praise be to God.
You suck
Not yet..
Hahas yea
Youtube aur ganay
Yup. Packed everything already?
ffff too expensive nvm then thx anyway
A sweet young lady says to baba-baba...mere pati roz aadhi raat ko ghar se chaley jatey hain..." .. . . Baba :- "beti....ye SAMASYA hai ya INVITATION..?" geve"
Hey... So qiao... U oso learn drivin here...
Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
....candy told me ytd he not going...
Fine with me
Rply me
hi, sry abt the delay. my sis is still working on the graphics. cangive us 1 more week?
Haha cool. Thanks!
Wa why you so busy one lol! How about next week?
Me with glen how? Oo
Same as me la..Dun know y like that..Haha..I pass that to u one la..Keke..
wanna cook?
Hah u scare me. U go cut a few time already u think their service how? Try book earlier.
Oh so you were late?? I went aye also, dun rmb being stuck in a jamleh! Haha sian I just got this sms! We were asking lkh our test date:P
Okok set wait for me till 6
How you going down?
Hey Erin! Sorry for the delayed response. I can totally come over                                 tonight! What's the address?
I found da track pants at bossini... Yeah i got discount...
Downstairs one?
?
Aiyo i try sterday itself nt cuming.
ll pass u her bday n xmas gift.
Dont talk to him ever ok its my word.
Me fine..absolutly fine
NICE
Let's catch up tomorrow.
Duh of course. But you missed my point!
I am not sure. But the best seasons that viewers voted for are 5 and 7. So I am sure there are plenty more interesting ones to come :))
My dear, gd morning! When i woke up, was quite cooling n i think of autumn in hk. Then i suddenly think of ??, wondering if i could spend autumn w ?? in hk...
Wat time we watching show?
C0me ol
Yea so sorry..
Ha
What's your new addy?
HI MERINA NICE 2 CHAT WITH U. UR HP NO PLS. WHAT IS UR RACE?
Aww =(
Yo.. I put ur name for aia insurance recommendation hor..
Gal, .. if u considering to patch, dun give him answer first.. wetalk first k? Try not to meet him if possible?
HaurAUGHGUGHGUGJHY
Hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
Ps today cant.. I nid do TIP
Bata diye
Desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. And get a bit stylish. Get ur hair managed. Thats it.
Hey where ya
Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
Yeah okay. And I think we need to tell Ms Huang about the fixedtissues tmr too.
Yes on both.. :)
Pettywoman <#>  can send ur personal statement?
Ashley- <#>
What:P
What are you doing now ?
P
m contemplatin btw toshiba and e fujitsu one... Goin to take a look at e fuji one b4 i decide lor... U wan hp one rite...
Come
No. As in now?
Lol is Joshua included for teh?
Yup yup. Because that tsuna still havent become a boss dey.
Ya I cook
t cook tonight...
Hello... How is your friday going?
Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld & they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:"if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence..
Outside your house.
Okie...Or u wan tpy? Most impt is nice to eat...
Nooooo I'm still doing homework. I'm just saying I'm tired
Hmmmm ok then today skip lor.hahaha.bad influence sia.
Oh oh. 6pm eh.
Lol dont have like that neh? Haha tsk tsk cjm
gong xi fa cai hong bao na lai. call me when u get home
s given to u? Cos i chose comp life sci, den some modules same as u, c if can go lect together... :)
Ok ill find it!
What do you watch?
But which wkday u free?
wake me up when u wake k? haha
Coz its my old phone ringtone not my current phone one:P
Cool graciaz
r u working in amk or bkt pj today? i need to pass you the gift karen gave...
Do u have 3230 textbook?
Azhar I also can order xiao long bao price.
Oh no just got this sms too! Call when you reach instead!
Anyway outing's on tuesday?
There're two types. One is the clinic one which need to reg. Theother is the workshop, go in listen nia. But i think the things theysharing are common sense de lah. Haha. Tmr u all see how loh.
Aiyo. Then why don't you bid for another mod?
Pathan kachra phenkny gya to wahan likha tha"kutta kachra phenk raha hyPathan hansa or bolaKachra hum ny phenka or naam zardari ka aa gya :-)
Ohh.. Korean quite easy to read, its like English alphabet, you cangive it a try sometime! Yea I can't read fan ti also ._.
I'm smsing to inform that i wont be free this sunday, sat is fine though.
I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
s a new chinese vampire show, got edison chen!
Ya lo. Later we not meetin jess we meet liao then i complain abt my aunt
Coming soon
What doing?
Sorry love! Slowing and stuff
s no option 4 it leh...
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Oo, okay.. Ttyl, lecture now..
Nope, just hanging around haha =P
LOL nice prediction!
Wah haha auntie I off class le leh.
In NUS. It's the place we usually meet in NUs..
I have to memorize ze magic flute :"(
Dear umma i am up
Post! "you found me out! Beware!"
try 2 gt sm1 2 pray andrw,he s sufrin,dis wil gt ct,bye,fl lik dyin
Exact amount to pay?
s here lei...V sad lei. U nv come.
Haha rain until 8pm.
Haven check yet... U got oredi huh...
Ohh! Hahaha cook for me pidgins! Haha what why!!!
Hapy chldrns day
Yeah if I don't get it today I'm fucked for groceries
She doesn't have to...ooh davd!
I know =( you should visit me this summer, I'm taking classes inMichigan and its like 2 hours by bus!
Hey andrea, i dropped sree a msg, he said tt hopefully he'll finishcase 3 by tmr night. Maybe u can just help to proof read after that?
Okay lah. If later u need accompany, then tell me. I'll be comingback to com1 after my lunch.
U still outside ah.. Raining leh, u driving? Drive carefully k..
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Save this railway alert numbers for safe travel in train for ladies. 1) <#>  2) <#>  3) <#>  Pas this msg 2 all girls and ur friends....
Till wat time
Ok. Need now? I goin to sci for awhile den come print can?
if u al wan 2 bring ur bf oso can.. coz me ran out of ideas
I go down now find u
Haha not really. But I guess soon
Erm should be, there is a receipt attached to it. U double confirm?
Haha see if you're up later bah! Haha okay thanks^^ rest well!! (:
Hey! Sry I'll be about  <#>  mins late. Contact [name] when u reachk? She shld be ard com1 basement. Her number is  <#> .
R u slept?
What the?! Make me excited. U ask Shannon out?
Fuck
i am going for interview today
Nope... Dun tink so...
Sry was sleeping!
Damn I bought meatballs to eat then walk pass umi sushi regrettedlo... shld have bought sushi lol... anyway reaching soon le at dteliao
Awww means tmr only a few of us going lo. No people no fun. =(
hi good morning have a nice day
Y always msd cals nly.
Is there anything on on  <#> th july
I just went for db:D it was fun!
Haha dun understand also. Got uhh抢答haha o.o no leh the other lesson Iwent she did the passage! Haha yeah group activities are slack coz wedon't take part:D
Last group out.
Sleep soon (: thanks for accompanying me tonight!
I sent email):):
Alright thanks!
Eh cannot cannot just today afternoon got arrange a meeting on next sat talk about do website for a music school 1.Percy oso shd be cannot.u wan do wat sia???
take care
c u soon
No need to worry dear
What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
If u coming help me bring jacket?
K
You can never do NOTHING
Yea its okay. Thks and get well soon!
What,s your percentage of your high school?
Lol so shiok? I normally end around 6 but got free day on wed
I see... I have 3tuitions lined up today from 3pm.
joey Y no reply frm u can u msg me at 96537803
Dunno the organisers dam fked up. Waste time
Its good, we'll find a way
Wish you the same.
Sweet. Submittiiinnggg. Eeee.
this is crazy man! everyone is playin gunbound! the whole world is playin tt stupid game!!!!!!!
Might b..
Hey. The inaug ceremony at university cultural center...
Crown so late still got open... Y dun buy liao lei...
Bye
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
<#>  is d account no.. <#>  is d del no
U need trial? Not they invite u join ar? Hahas kk goodluck pinky bro!
Dono
Hi andrew anna how are you? good night.anna * ok anna bye* take care.by-thayalan
Nice song! I think I show you before! Haha wow cool! So report le mah?
Yeah haha from ytd until now only hear that they play mahjong nonstophaha! No no I'm not sad LOL.
Biting fall out boy lines are always a good idea. I approve
Yup
Dayum you gon get all da bitches
Bhai ye kise bhejna tha?
Sir, Waiting for your mail.
U reach
Helo gud mrng.wr r u.i didnt c u 4 a long tym.hv u gne hme? RoZi *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Oh ya I 4got u bday in may not march! Pinky brother noes best
I'm out of rehearsal!
Yes. Okay then. Thanks! Haha.
hi
Im walking by yo work
Alright
Nvm la a lot time
m in genting with my parents now. i dun hink I can make it. U guys enjoy lar. i go wif u next time...
Ok sure, but can we have it sunday instead? This sat I have something on.
Ohh I think the actual one is 新加坡，优雅社会
Haha flute you can ask Denny lor.. He has one :)
Erm I'm trying to go today. But I'm waiting for the school van.
<DECIMAL>  eh.
so be happy
Sim lo.
Yes!
Dar I eat lunch wuth the guys first loooove u yei yei. At night eatdinner with my yei yei.
Hospital. We leaving soon
Wat time? Who going
Haha wow okay! I'm waking up later and later in hostel!): hahawhat!!! Tell me tell me!! Haha see:P and you shouldn't have eatenchips! Hahaha yeah so cool right!
Kk.. Then I buy lunch..
Wat time u wake up. Tdy i pig again sleep until 1+.
Haha yeap!! Super nice date!! haha make a wish ~ haha I hope nosprinting if not I them I will just die ~
subjects. Means... Half a sem more... Four ñ a half... Argh... Dead. -stress- -feel like droppin sch- xian diao
Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&Take care
Post! But he's mentally unstable!
m really sorrie but the job tmlo has been cancelled... the guy managed to get someone who can work the hrs he wants.
kk..
Don't worry. Call ya lerr... Jst take good care of yourself. Bye
m waitin to sit ür car. Hee-
Add
Maybe can get lynette XD
Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
hws ur day wth ur new partner?
Hey go online abt 10 tonight?
i thot edmund doing. coz the first time we split the stuff notaccording to ur modules.. maybe miscommunication. i go back do again.
Hi i m find
Guys our result came.
Dravid for rr....
Having lessons now?
s aft u?Tell me...Report..
Thanx a lot!! i will do my best
Ok (:
Yaa
Hola .
Lols when
<TIME> ish? I have to get ready and stuff haha
Hey pink... How much does ur calculator cost?Mine spoil liao...
Huh?Wat u mean?
Do you know the song played on the radio 933 now?
Actually i wan to buy tis blue colour one, but u have blue one oredi... Haha, so din buy...
Dont hand up my physics assignment yet
Watch* got a lot tutorials wat. Jus need a place to train
t be late
Do u like her
When? Today cant leh...
Lols ok. Usually Tues 2pm Lik tt
Haha ya lo when I finish I tell u...
<#> Billy
Dear Aarti Kumari please collect your study material from Room No.<#>  latest by  <#> /Sep/ <#>  on any working day from  <TIME>  a.m.to  <TIME>  p.m.Aar chale books lene?
Hahahahahahaha
Not yet. Okay!
Sorry I just finished my class
A
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaa
Hahaa I see. Thanks! Your paper over already?
Zzz if rain do wad siaz
Bao bao in  <#>  mimutes
dude i woke up and i was in an armbar. i think he overextended it too. 

When i asked him bout why his arm hurt. Rofl
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Yes we are chatting too.
ha, that is the pepper corn, the special flavor for sichuan food.
Yes you should have. I am goin clementi to see shrimps before goingfor dinner later.
Lol got wings? Haha
Blk  <#>  ?
Mrs thurai wil speak 2 u in 5 minutes time
Earlier will be better for me. Is  <#> am okay?
Ok ah.
Sir, we are going to wai seng to collect instead.
Are biomes tested?
Going to petir. Just finished lunch. Yeah.. My mom normally gives in or does something else to make up for it in the end.
Yeah, where's your class at?
ok, give me a min coming frmcom1
ll cya at our class bbq den...
Oh k...i'm watching here:)
Right! So you wanna go there? Oh my mum says bedok o.o
I don't know. Nothing much lah. I think we just wanna run thru thepresentation. Okay i also think that we'll just discuss. Okay loh.Can.
U go tell him urself lar... He wun noe where 2 buy oso...
What ps!!! I can't always check whether I'm poking the correctplace!! Hahaha what did she say? I realise I can't go tonight coz Ineed to go home celebrate my dad's bday!!! SORRYYYYYYYYYYY!! Can we goaft a levels:D
No d hav to finish dip assignment hav to shw demo
Hey machan, i'm goin 2 nawalapitiya 2rw 4 new year. Plan 2 go in da morning. So wont cum 2 da class. Tc.
India  <#>  for 4:-.lax run out like kallis in 2nd test:)
It is obviously a great chance for me that i am playing cricket in the national team.
Steph say tmr meet go timbre at 7.
Home le dar
Gyming at sch. Aft exam den jio u!
I ask Joel. Is it very time consuming
sure!
No jan. Jun hoong Haha
Just wondering, since it's not a school night, is midnight still cool?
pass to u tomorrow
I wanna go for vertical marathon. But not sure bout legs and paddles.Can I tell u soon? BTW who r u
Yes fear
s e place in bugis village?
K
Emo loo dao me...
HI GAN I NEED TO BORROW PADS!!!!
Dun understand wat? I said u said e same thing abt leona as me. Then ask u ask ben wats e plan tomw lor. Wat we going 2 do over there.
Haha coz it was painful to wash my hair!! Hahaha I can't fall asleep,things drying on my bed): haha ^^ I want you to tuck me in bed and patme to sleep!! Haha maybe! I'm not sleeping yet!
CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAIL
Should be Cat D
Doing fine, left soldering
You got orange and hot pink pens?
U found it?
U and sj pro wad! Jyjy :)
haha.. i meant the cny packaging de. i buy kickapoo n pringles.
Oh so Friday okay?
Sure sure (: going from nus! (:
Hey why de not attending my call.are you angry with me.
Okay wat time
What are these two sia? Nolah this's your last chance to work with meand pull up your cap mah so i just send u a reminder. Haha. I may betaking SSB <#>  leh. Employee management. Haha.
Leaving.hse mug
I;m reaching in another 2 stops.
I'm recording my friend haha
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
ha
I'm just so sick of looking at this score!!!
Lunch how?
Hostel
Haha why she call you that! Sorry i'm reaching soon!!
Haha night!
Yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to PARTY  <#> /7 NEVER STUDY just to be safe
wen, me and xuan going parkway now. wanna join us?
I need to pee
The minor rejected me again. Haha. Did u receive any news?
Ü thk of wat to eat tonight.
Machan this is my number,  Kolitha
Meeting u at je.  Shirt no need pure white rite. Haha
Oh I'm very awake. What are you up to?
Okay
Hello aiya,hw r u nw?hope u r wel nw:-) mondy cumin da?i thnk u better stay home cuz v hav2lift cmputrs 2 3rd floor.so dnt cum.:-) c u soon.get wel soon.k:-) tc
ROBAL  <#>
<#>  for 4
Nxt week mentor overseas I 1 3 5 free. I everyday eat nid food till fat lols
Alright.
can help me ask mummy to fund transfer my pocket money to my bank account when u r home?
Haha okayyy. Tmr cally's joining us for lunch too! Haha she wantsprawn mee too.
Hahaha I shall ask the kid:D
Anyway help u sign up back that one le left 1 slot only u dun wantthen cancel when near  <#>  more kiasu abit lol... I scare u not enuffresearch point
U refresh see how?
Hahaha omg so epic! Okay later tell me! Haha I'm lazy to type now! Istill dun have swype haha :P I dun know leh, I didn't report thisproblem!  Haha yea!
But i'm really really broke oh. No amount is too small even  <#>
Yup until we finish talking and assigning jobs lo.
Okay but why is it that not all my sebt messages are automaticallyuploaded? I think there's more than  <#>  sent messages in the phone.
Did u keep the tube? Oo
Yizhan's fine with Monday 6. Where shall we meet? Engine canteen?
s ok.
Good morning! still sleep? I m on my way to office. my hand pain-pain loh. need you Tui-tui for me loh.
Hahas yea tonight we doing it :)
Ohhh how scary can it be...
would like to know if Ramc touch the main page coz now the main pageis actionable - Eric
Yesterday i called you twice. But you dint pick it up.
You will definitely rock this!
U need the handheld beer
bye
Kitne bje tk aa rhi hai?
Thanks for your time.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Girl... how are u le? Mia so long.. wat happened?
Okay. Tell u tonight
Seriously, and of all countries to fuck over, RUSSIA??
Best story
Hey, we discussed liao, u decide the date to meet up and then tell us okay?
Cannot possessive ar
Happy birthday mahzuz! :-D
Omg!!!!!!! Happens often means all the more you should see adoc!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cannot explain to her ah??????
Ya. In school now. Food was GD yesterday, dun worry :)
K..tel
Celine u there?
s my dear? I am leaving the ofc soon.
internship is a better choice isnt it? but which ever u choose, u hav my support! :)
Btw u all doing rehearsal? I got hw many min left?
The off day is tmr leh.can schedule so last min?
Wait.
1 pm
where are we meeting?
If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
Haha... Hope corinna wont mind...
Hahaha congrats luna!!!!!!!! Don't tempt me leh!!!
s at paragon... Dunno where you referring to...
Bye have fun
m chi 22.my i know where ü stay?
so whe u is all now then?
Dang that slot was on my free day! I bidded for some other ss mod lol!
<#>  eat? After pk n my lecture.
Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K
"Gimme a few" was  <#>  minutes ago
reach home le dear, had a wondrrful day today!! ;mugs
do u have any macs coupons?
Yeah sian.
Lols lame! No need la
Should be sent
Hah. Friday pass me eh.
Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
I haven asked, will ask everyone later
s play today?...If yes rem to bring my ring hor...
Thank u so much Andrew. Good ni8!
Yeah timo is._. I woke up then replied his regarding Nobel then hejust said that!
Oh okie lor... Cos if got nothin much den i wont go lor...
U r going 2 ambience on 4th so 2nd day.
They inside e restaurant liao.
Awwwwww where my hard disk dey
on tv on tv!!
Call me
Ohh haha dunno! I like the sound of it more anyway! Haha okaydownloading! Chester say so so eryi though!
Again
Msg u when i leave my house...
Okie. Then see if dad wanna pick me or da bao. call me later
okk! love my dearest! hee. tmr can jummp on u!
:o what pass around
Haha he would join in together with me bah if that time comes. Hestill have ns too.
Yup what was said??
Like sj they all la. Waa a few days ago still ok. Why suddenly breakup
Seriously? Then how about you?
Oic.... Dun think ü need to lose weight any way lah. Ü look good the way you are.   :)   Enjoy your evening!
The version he submitted gt no team number rite..?
2!(:
I guess not.. sorry..
Weiyi... U goin tonite?
This girl dank stronghold hellppp
Wish you Happy Kojagiri Purnima !!!!!!!
Hahaha! Okay thank you! (:
Yay back home liao. <#> . Whachudoin?
I know =(
Have a nice day at work:-)
Hahah.. My underlying intentions are 'no need to buy!' :)
Need to go ye he's funeral wor..
m on my way home. Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
Want anything from sheares supper?
s fun! enjoy ur hols! hav a Merry Christmas too!! :)
Wow... Joan goin w her bf, her parents allow so gd ah...Haiz, so sad, cant c her pigs...
Ya lo. Meet for lunch ar
Ooo okay (: thanks!
Hey yeah. Thanks.
t b hm for dinner tonite k...
Yup... Y so free? Not having lecture?
<#> .
Spl charcter? Y so?
2morow ss test 4 internals!
wazir
m so lonely here... Sob sob...
Hahah I didn't I just wanted you to know you're awesome!
why?
The job change thing! Haha try out for fun! She might wanna change cca haha!
date of joining?
You're using bulldogs!
I have added you oh.
Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nìte?
Going back sch now
Dinner hour. Had your dinner?
SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
'f that's what Kraehe wants, she'll be disappointed these days...'"And  what if he says to hurt your precious sister? "  Fakir  rolledhis eyes and  crossed his arms.  How much could he get away with?  Howmuch would make her respond how he wanted her to? "You're a patheticlittle drone, aren't you?"
Hey, i am checking my results now. u want to come online?
I oredi cleared once, he still wan to mess up wat to do...
Lol yeah don dare to pon anymore LOL
Ok found it... Thanx...
whats up?
No not yet. LAter she buy then I come up.
Can't rem. But is acuvue daily de. Nxt nxt Mon gym!
C0me
Hi guys, I spoke to Arti. Is 8pm today a good time to meet?
Wif ur og ah... Will i b extra anot... I dun mind goin lor... Go chit chat...
Whoa so long ~ I bet your ass hurts HAHA.
Fri i can't make it. Tonight  <DECIMAL>  can?
Oh. Ok. Den I throw away le.
Haha i'm in ^^
Friends are my precious Stones
Ok i juz receive..
Bojio! Lols ur new place condo?
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Ya just telling abt tht incident..
Haha... Ur dun go jian fei without me ah... Wait 4 me... Oh ya, i juz email u e website to e photos... Got time den go c c...
Level head sent email to my dad say today we supposed to receivele... Guess u also no have
Only have short vids of them laughing lol
Yep yep definitely
Sorry forgot to tell you! We got  <#>  I think!
Yep yep... Den we can go lecture together!
s ur email add?
Why u wanna play so mch?
Then see u at fab house bah, since different bus stop.
Rofl morning mah. Some more weekends, not peak.
Lols jkjk I dun wan
Take your time for the lunch. All our time sheets will put 1 hr forlunch tonight. Haha.
oo.. why u want camera? haha..
m still downloading the stuff, got prob.. dunno when i can come.
Lols 2day holiday wad! But they all 2moro coming
Okay. Aiya don't worry since demand is still lesser than supply. 1 ptis enough if it stays that way. Just showhand since u don't have othermods to bid. Haha.
Hw much it cost?
Later we go watch movie lah...
Good luck for all your papers too. Most impt is u happy n surprisedcan liao! Haha.
Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
I just sent you  <#>  bucks
I know right!!
Dun liddat le. We good frens le. I gave u a chocolate le. Rem?
Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
Haha cool how come pan not inside? Haha why D:
Yup I jio buff boss to clementi gym le. 2moro  <#>  am come sch
Goodnight! (:
Lol. Tell you so many times liao leh!
It is Science hahaha! It's okay la I'm going school earlier to buybubble tea and get welfare pack from soc Lol u want?
Laogong laogong laogong goood morning.aiya my yeiyei muz be sotired.give u big big kisssss!! Wake up then talk to u.hee
Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
Give me
Nah I need to sleep! 2moro is a long day
What does it mean to perform a song?((:
Aiyo forever like this. When the time comes,when you get older. Take me like a kid!
ya.. but dun worry, if needed, there're somevtext to speech tools to use.
Yeah got overnight activity if weather is good.
Mai abhi  <#>  bje tk meeting me rahunga.
Ah sig. Any hope for tomorrow?
Hey hey, you still need to buy markers and lightsticks.
Achha...
Come on..
It's okay. Go see doctor lah. The meeting nvm de lah. Okay will meetnear a toilet!
Podi podi;->
Wat time?
Lols kk
Oh you think too much. Just a filler!
If you ask her or she say any please message.
No class de
You're welcome to come over and watch GoT if you want (though I won'tbully you this time =P)
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Okay. What time. Can meet at serangoon?
<#>
s party? Haha we can meet up then.
Aiya. I noe why le. Maybe baobei in group b, not a that's why..
bblg eating nw?
Later full dress rehearsal ar?...
White for dc...
eh dun forget to bring the handphone i lent u the last time. i have to return my friend
I am in the meeting
Lol okay dont go shopping. Save money, I buy the rings for you at bkk.
Fhhfeguugfvvf  Fhhfeguugfvvf
I stay serangoon north... you free today?
do u hv cel # of yen?
Lol he kena fired. XD
Hey so who laning
I watching movie at 6 plus...wun be able to come at 8too...haha...i'll be at vivo...maybe when u reach home u give me acall?..or when u going home?...u playing at where?...
Hre tei yei lg leaving soon le. Oppsi
Haha oops it was my autocorrect x.x dunno leh! Wow what the how didhe even know I stay here omg! I feel stalked LOL. Haha yea we're atbenten cafe! Looks like my parents in a good mood today :P are youreaching home soon? Sorry keep you out until so late!
Thks!
t know where to go..
no more to enter
Nah believing this is dangerous. Skepticism is definitely the optimalmindset here
Hee love wifey
Okay see you
Buzz! Hey, my Love ! I think of you and hope your day goes well. Did you sleep in ? I miss you babe. I long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*
Dont let studying stress you out. L8r.
Sure ah my love.... I will pray for u... Okie! Blow a kiss to u :??
dar,call me during ur break k? muacks
I dun mind. How find course? Or u wan muay Thai lols. Only got time for one
Yar lor actually we quite fast... Cos da ge slow wat... Haha...
You need to get up. Now.
DIWALI MSG Man:Enena vedi iruku? Shopkepr:Rajni ajith, Surya, kamal vedi iruku sir. Man:vijay vedi iruka? SK:Sorry sir Antha perula Pushvaanam Than irruku.
Work gonna work?
Meri nind mere sapn0 ki rajkumari le gai.. B-)
still at airport?
Whch time wl u give d
Prove it
): dun have anyth about prom leh!
where is it ?
m home liao. See if dad wants to pick me 4 dinner or da bao. U wanna use car, rite?
A girl named <name> and some mute Berkley peeps
Oh no >< I hope pe won't wear you out much! Yeah I was going intolift! Haha oops forgot to bring my formal!
Ok! Reaching yewteele muacks
HI LADY PLSE
Uhh i go back dinner then abt  <#> h go your house print shine etch test then i see if i should stay
Huh. If wont finish today that means i will present on monday leh... So bad? If i didnt have to present i think i will pon too?
Lol aww. Dont sad la. I believe you will find more. XD
Haha yeah jc asked me to bring lappy. Bus stop opp bowen right?
how abt e price i asked? Is it acceptable? If yes i would like to have a look at e book this evening. If on problem then  i will buy it st away
I am late. I will be there at
madam ne jo topic batae hain uski picture le kar email karde, ye phir type kar ke email kar de, ya phir sms karde
Yeah lost :/
I'm in office now da:)where are you?
Hahaha yes I stalked you for 5 mins aft you showed me the video!!
Hee. Okay! Faster think what u want to eat. I treat u to something nice today!
Kk
Haha I never even thought of measuring them. Because they aresomething that I earned, not measured. :-)
Hmmm true lol... liddat got  <#>  lesson in 5 mth not bad lol... buthe din mention about booking final forgot to ask him... must ask himnext week lol... then good lo won't fat! I hungry! Da pao curry potatofor me! Lol... tung lok hmmm so familiar... but dunno sat afternoongot meeting or.not sia...
I still drawing my diagram leh.
Hmmm... Tonite cant...
I am getting borred
Yaloh. Which wkday night u free?
ve got lecture at 2 oso... Then i thk i would have finished doing my stuff by 2...
Yesterday u made $225 to day $375 tot $600.
LOL growing up is a process of life, nothing to do with karma. Hahahahaha
s 12 at bishan mrt rite...
Lmao I just gymed on sat! 2moro den gym u wan?
ok, then i'll wait for news frm u on mon.
Woot I sent u the questions liao.haha.got 2 parts one is for vendors 1 is for clients.ur job is client de rite??actually if u wan talk abt vendor stuff oso can.lol.
Thankyou so much for the call. I appreciate your care.
Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala.
Went to think of idea and rest abit.. brb
2 min
Helw bro.. Btw wht do u do nw?..n is dr any gc avlble to buy  <#> $ pr0dct
Borderline.. might pass might fail
<#>  haha! (: but you pass me le I thought??
Sophie Joel! Dun know who else! Its alright de! (:
where to lunch?
Change of plans! First grp arrived le,latter completing station, tryto ask them cheer etc. Give them clue card at  <DECIMAL> pm.Subsequently is  <DECIMAL> pm,  <DECIMAL> pm and for last grp, letthem go as soon as they finished. Please reply if understood!
Haha okay la.
Huh... Y... Juz some tiffs only rite... Go hoax her lor... Will b alrite one...
The lao uncle lah. Haha.
I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
Thanks
May i call You later Pls
Hahaha what the!!
I c... remember to let me knw when u cm back
$ <#>  only
Haha... Since when i become a salesman.. Lucky she is wise to get it. So i think u must be wiser rite?
Haha then decide fast I am at ws le
lv u!! miss u. hee. it's sich a long walk phew
Ohh okay! report at  <#>  is it? (:
We need to remake jeopardy.. are you free in a few?
Good idea. So I'm here in the waiting room. I hope they don't tell me I'm dying.
Sick lah. E doc ask me wan or not then i jus take lah. My colleague still say i wasted take half day only. I should hv gone yest.
Mr lee I got some thing on. Can I one at  <DECIMAL>
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
Ehh ohh no I cannot rmb, later show me I read and see! Haha yeap dunneed just rmb to return me the blazer! Reaching soon? I'm door openerhahaha 7
Haha no it was only one stop phew thank the STARs for looking over me :-P
Yeah he said min 2 pax. Max 4
Happy new year mom.
For lunch?
Where r u?
Faggot siaz squeeze all into my wardrobe. U washed the clothes ar?
Walk-InJobs Software Engineers recruits at Persistent - C, C++, Unix; Openings in ASP.Net, C#; Mega Opportunities at Smart Chip; Visit www.prepareinterview.com
Woah. Ok... Dont disturb. Msg ü later k
Hey love sorry =(
Goin 2 study..
Aight we're there
nai yar
God may bless you with all the happiness
Yei yei 早安!!!!! yesterdayi fell asleep. oopsi .
i dunno leh. u just come back, du, care abt the charges
Ooo just hope timo didn't hatch his plan of causing a traffic jam! (: (:
Pls call when you are free.
what show ?
Great.
Hey, u all want me to help u all do the validation. If want to, u allhave to book a timeslot with me leh. I help u all directly in yourlaptops. Then 3 of us can integrate first.
Hahaha got eh. But I need the form to allow you to stay mah
Oh darn I have no idea where my blazer is): go the swimming thing!
Cause I keep forgetting to buy lotto tickets
Hey guys im off 2 india today. Toefl exam .Will b back on sunday. Tc *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Yei yei reached home already? Xoxo.
That 's good. I still not back yet. Anything u want to discuss? Ithink I can 't go tmr.
We'd also have to be alone in LA at night untik like 5 am
Why cant u? And how will u come now.
Da wat de nw film @ vineetha & vanitha..
Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
How is my speakin xpresion?鈥?? childish 2.naughty鈥??Sentiment 4.rowdy鈥?? ful of attitude鈥?? lovable 鈥?? shy鈥?? Attractive鈥?? funny鈥??. irritating.. Reply
Well I told u to buy me some pink hair extensions for Christmas but u didn't listen!
Hey we going out eat le
Post! I'm just feeling bad that I killed his leg .-.
email not sent yet? R we applying for vip? See email.
hey xin,mon 4 aug, 0845 at lt32,formal wear, cant wear jeans.tats d plan for 1st day of sch.Haiz, surely bring us tour ard e sch one, sianz...
In PGP?
Yup ok... Then aft ü check in ü will be leaving immediately?
I know... uuuggh
Is  <#> am okay for you?
come soon i am getting late
Noi am on my way back
Ohok
Hahas sj still running
Oh what there's porn
Erm more or less the same ba.but will use web service.lol.can 1 la.the ah neh oso nv check ur codes.
Haha... Gd... Cos u too free rite... I also got think of u...
Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
Luv u
Thks alot!
You akka got extra work to take care both of them:)
OK! Haha. What u doing today hw come cannot go?
Hey plz da! Kaetu sollu!
Wat time will ü be there?
Yea comecomecome
You.
When are you coming?
Ok np
I will have an interview at  <#> am tomorrow.
Heck yeah I'm on spring break!!! Thank you so much. I'm interviewingat crow's nest in the morning and I'm a little nurrvous!! But I'mgood. Are you on spring break?
Oh... Nice at least its in transcript
ANKIT KUMARPAN BJKPK <#> GDOB  <#>ADDRESS:1ST FLOOR, KC 4, KASHYAP FARM, GANESH NAGAR EXTENSION II, SHAKARPUR,NEW DELHI -  <#> .
You have got tallent but you are wasting.
Srs?
Not sure if going now, may be going ubi instead.
Sorry my hp got problem. Only receive ur smses now. Sunday 1pm no problem.
Wat doin
Lol my mum keep bugging me eh.
Tis week no volleyball?
Dear. Need to reach at  <#>  at Shaw towers beach road.:-) meet  <#>shld b ok
Nvm i met him on the way...
Gelek got my msg? Help my chop seat k...Hehe
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
It was nice:-)  finished in the morning. I msg u later ok? Now stillin lecture.
Hello madam how are you ?
Haha np de! Looks like you were more tired than me:P hahaha yay ^^ ohno never see ppt wahhs omg then how? You have another test today?! Ihope you do well! Hahahahaha yeap looking forward!!!!!(:
Can help me ask uncle he wan dry or soup prawn noodle. Thanks
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Come lol la you
Not so early.
Ok.
Nooooo she said it's cause I was in every section and stuff!!!
Hey aishah, im Leo from astronomy club here. Could you transfer $ <#> to my bank account  <#>  by tmr. Thanks alot, enjoy your weekend. :)
What._. But he said if no one play then he'll play, then you just dunturn up la!
Yay can't wait to party together!
Thanks :)
Hi! How did your week go? Haven heard from you for some time... Hows everything?
Really*
Lta eday  <#>
Hahaha.u can't shake leg.u injured.muahaha.
Hi. Aiya hw r u? R u busy? Whn r u cmng 2 badulla? Anyway be good. T. C. Bye.
What you are asking.
Yeppppp
Haha... Was packing this morning... Still have stuff to put in... Had to squeeze my stuff... Bring all lor if ü dunno which to bring. Haha cya tmr !
Can help me buy straits time? Thanks
Softly d leaves of mem'ry fall. Slowly,i'll gather & pick dem all. Coz 2day,2morrow & till my lyf is thru, i'll always cherish knowing somebody lyk u!
You in room?
Oookay, reintroduced myself to Mithun lol
We kenna chased out of pc cluster, we go home continue. Rmb link toethics hor.
Baobei at kranji le
Hmm.. I go read the thing now.. Steffi said wat?
That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
dont forget to bring my book
Goodmorning, Today i am late for  <#> min.
Oh no got take medicine? Charcoal tablet? We had cluster sushi haha(: it was so so ah haha, quite a number of big eaters in my cluster:Pit's alright, haha 健康最重要!!
If you are not coughing then its nothing
about cloud computing
Lols only milk? No Korean strawberries?
Hahaha ooops im sorry. I think I would have died a trillion times already.
I wan! Erm they ordering food. U wan meet where
control paper ki timing kya ha?
Happy birthday!!!!
Ok
i am seeking a lady in the street and a freak in the sheets. Is that you?
Where you
The rings are the ones u can't see
shopping?
What I'm saying is if you haven't explicitly told nora I know someone I'm probably just not gonna bother
I'm aight.. getting through everything a step at a time :D
Lta eday buy  <#>
Np:-)
Nt a brothr.. A friend... Cant b so close... I dnt hav a complet control ovr my mind... My mind is nt stil acceptd dat bitter fact dat u cant luv me truly... 1ce let it happn.. Thn nly i can b ur brothr...
Ms lee! Truman here. I 4got to hand in my rock climbing form. Can Igive on that day
S.. I knw tat .. She realise her mistak.. Bcoz of tat i dnt wat 2 mis hr luv.. So plz aviod me..
Outta how many groups
Khana kha ke baat krtee h.Aarti
Wer r u?
Cool ok u wan koi? Haha I going clementi buy koi.
Wats the matter ?
No, I can't xP you're too difficult =P I'll find a chance to
Sen, u male o female
sim architecture and channel coding device
Yay!! Lvlv
Oh nvn then l
Wooo lol and who you saw?
Hahahwhw
No i woke up in the middle of the night about 2am. Then i realise ioverslept. :-(
Had dinner ?
Huh?
Now at clementi hee
ll be studying in sch anyway...so how? r u going?
Ya.. every Tue and Thurs till September dunno when. Your free daysall on Thurs only?
Old age lar... I neva feed water but got feed carrot... Wasted i juz bot a pack of carrot... Feed to millian...
Outsie.Y?I will back after 10. Talk 2 u tonight
poke me
Still going to east coast?
I think is see cap score only loh. Write what also useless. Haha. Nvmwe can take the mods together too. I take as UEs loh.
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  <DECIMAL> . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  <DECIMAL> . Your Transaction ID is KR <#> .
Going home now
LOL DUNNO. JUST SAYING!
Hi.. How was calculus? Feel that e lec is not so beneficial.. E tb seems enuf.. Dunno whether i wanna continue coming or not..
Huh? I thought close le! Vivien only gave us 2 hours to decide lol!
No need for the drug anymore.
m here liao...U reach liao come find me
Yes, all's fine.  Nate is now sleeping. Wahni is eating her lunch andfinished the kitchen and cabinet cleaning.
got lessons
Ya! Im going to make sure all my information goes to jocelyn as well,in case. Hahaha
what r ü doing today?
I tink we meet bah since got interview reply but I will be late sorry
Happy new years melody!
calls all
Thurs can?
<#> .
Noted. Thanks.
Haha as always. Heh btw we meeting for dinner?
How can I convert my BDT in $. Let me know quickly.
how was your work?
Hey cumi.. Hwa u?..
Waiting for eman cut hair. Now he going back sch le
Call me sir,
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <#> th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Hello? so Erm tomolo how?
Waitng for bus le. Ps
Jus had my breakfast, not hungry yet.. i jus got e news that lect for today is cancel.. yeah! Ü dun need to go sch today. Haha
Seriously, i hope i can earn as much at his age. I'll be uncle wongtoo in  <#>  yrs to come. Haha.
Lols I busy now. Chionging hmwk. How bout 2moro?
U told ur rite na..then y ru telin sry
Anytime? I free now.
It's pretty bad. I just want to do two persob renditions of musicalsand maybe break a few toes to Boys Like Girls =P
But gary doesn't know who ben is. Did u tell him? Haha. I think he'sjust trying to find topics to talk to u. If he's serious with the paythingy, u shld have asked me!
Nah, Wednesday. When should I bring the mini cheetos bag over?
What's nannys address?
Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
Sooo come le
"Within every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Wat
Hahas u still tinking bout it ar. When u come back we go find another kimberly
Kk
Then wat u want
Lols out with my family. They eating. Hahas the last few for a boysare frm our sch
You all reaching already?
Okay.
s no bio lect later, can go bk liao...
Which part r ü all at?
Afternoon eh. Xt cally
Dude did u write statistics ?
Nemo..Intro?
<#> !! Reaching._.
So what about you. What do you remember
Quite a lot of people are falling ill lately, myself included. I think it's a flu bug plus the cold weather or something. Super cold lately leh.
s impulsive lo...Wanna rebond her hair again...Nv tink of e hou guo.Cant wash hair 4 2 days lei...Nv spare a thöt 4 ppl workg wifher
Haha meet at tpy or something then go find them eh.
In room I think..
Ki krchs??ekhane kn2 khub gorm beshi jol khas..khaechs?
Shoot zombie leh.
U sick still can go shopping?
Sob sob sob no lo I miss tu tu but I miss u more! T.T... sianz arh<#>  more min to next bus lo
Kahan hai , jaldi aa
Apadiya d solulavey illa.sure d i vil cum
Aaahhh yeeeahhh... that...
Holy underwater robot
Ok
Thx
U wan me call ur house or phone?
Lol I got go the lect leh.when he keep talking abt the air con not on.hahaha.woah y choose to do internship during the sem?Isit good?
Can.. what language?
Haha. Forgot u got lesson ma
Set!
what are your new years plans?
Hey u gg yck or buangkok?
Eh i wasnt told of a meeting. Anyway i got a wedding to attend later.
Haha I dont know if that last thanks was real or what.
Good Morning plz call me sir
Have have laogong aka ur boy very guai
Lol for lunch?
I will come to ur home now
U never tot of my feeling one lo like I can control how good myEnglish is then I need to dbl check every sentence I type or speakthen I will be taking super damn long everytime le lo
nai
K
Wait for u all at Tampines 1.lol.
Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
play soccer today?
Hey, your mkt is $ <#>  and svc sys is $ <DECIMAL> . SSB <#>  onedon't have. I think if u still take SSB, we can photocopy bah after uask the lecturer. Haha.
Wat time
will you come to movie?
Lols chilling
U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
No lah, my parent sitting at mac drink coffee n read newspaper...
Haha yeah I think I will! I'm trying haha but they give up le haha!
Hahaha no hamcake for you!!!!
No it was cancelled yeah baby! Well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love Kate
Okay
Yeah i'm going
U reach le I give u direction
>< hope it's not! Haha if it doesn't cost too much then okay ah, howmuch is it? Haha!
Then i ask my dad 2 cook more tonight...
Haha where on facebook!! Haha I thought I told you I only did half myhw?? But she never call my parents hahaha!
Okok. Then you just come straight to cally's house.
<name> STARTED TALKING TO US
Hey! Tmr driving ah... Dont forget...
Love u lots too!
Fk la I no luck, I reached here ppl still have nuggets, reached myqueue just nice no more. Not fated sia, same as in nus.
Oh ya. OK then.. having lunch at engin?
Haha i'm fine! Died during math this morning but its fine coz Iunderstand! Didn't sleep during physics coz I had coffee with me butit didn't work during Chinese test haha, I feel asleep at the last twoquestions haha! Okay haha are you going to take up another student? Godo your math! Sorry I think you didn't do much yesterday right! I'llwake up at 4!
Haha.. what he gave u?
From Ricky.  Hi sir! They can come today..after 4 pm..Thank you..
Okay I donated like  <#>  smses or something already.
kab ana ha
Haha.. ok... u gg home now? We watching at jp.. watch together another day?
good night take care
Dsla
Ohhh good lor. Live one better than frozen one?
haha. kk, can. wat time u need to wake?  <DECIMAL> ? yup,everyyhong tested
No la haha why would i! With parents and bro!
Still can't... BTW we going out tommorw? I nid make plans
Ok!
Not course. Only maths one day one chapter with in one month we can finish.
han mil jai gi
Nop I dun paint lols
Kk..
we will win the match
Pays lebar
Aight, lemme know what's up
Was just about to ask. Will keep this one. Maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
Lol probably everyone finished their paper except you XD
Eh people selling the cpu alone for  <#>  leh...
Downloadng da..
Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
Reception ba. Haha
Haha haven spoil arh... beok mrt can arh lol... hmmmmmm raining thendie lo lol u also won't go out if rain T.T ... or go play bowling!Haha...
nxt sem?
Ok. There may be a free gym about.
Well then you have a great weekend!
Okie... A bit messy though... Cya...
Not yet eat. Later eat with ling.
<#>
Yeah.
Lol. Well do u ever get a cute customer to hit on?
P
but i tonight cannot go back late. got something on
Aman, I just realize  <#> sept is public holiday. So if we go Kboxthursday 9sept, might not have offer.
Alrite have a gd rest!
She vil mistake me only cha.dnt talk to me also
Alright.. <name> said he'd loan me money if I need it till then =)Fuck I can't even see walking in the rain, no joke
Hey wat things to buy for project
m not goin liao... Gota study for my test...Gee...
I anything lor... Ü doing?
the show is on.so lets face it..insha allah!hope to see good days!pray seriously!
Wa shiok shiok curry pok! I'm overloading... gg.
Woah okay.
Haha okay! About 5 -  <#>  mins (: yeap if its possible!
I am a sick and broke pig btw haha NO LOL so embarrassing hahaha!!And Halloween's over!
The k box till wat time? Daddy ask later wan fetch or not
Set cya!
hehe
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
oki,
Yea I stalk u everyday too BEWARE
Hey my art changed frm 1 to 4 le. So only frm  <#>  to  <#>  free
Oh or can ask ming zhong? He knows all of us.
Haha really nice? Good! :D hahaha why dun want? So fun!
Are you on the way?
i got lobang for movie tickets . u interested ?
Chuma
Can you go to my place?
I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
Woohoo! Raving saw a bag that looked like yours!
s what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
Y u no warm up?! Then how? Still going?
No la he don't take chem hons haha! I found it online!
Eh no nid bring le I found mine. BTW u wan go buy ticket le then swim?
I'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
Hi vampire intro pls
how are you my friend
Eh come we warming up only!
Haha maybe! See first ah! Yeah you can poke me aft that:P it's attanglin, I went for their children's day campfire before haha did Itell you that alr! Haha really? Yay please and thanks ~~ (: (: haha Iwill play it! someday hahaha I will finish it! Haha yeah I guess so:xI'm walking home now! At my grandma's speed hahaha!
Come to my hme..
Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?
Nothing like that
Got it..mail panren paru..
Yup da salon 1 70 smth... U thk i she3 de2... I go ask my sis if she wan first...
Ok.
Most Innocent Prayer- A lttle gal was prying on her bday-"Oh Lord on this birthday of mine plz send clothes for all those poor women in my brother's laptop..
Tu amit he na?.. Yaar mene d0n0 ke numb sumit ke name se sav kr rakhe he
Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: "I compromised everything for my love, But at d end my love compromised me for everything:-(".. Gud mornin:-)
Need to show mc or not one arh the project review got mark or not de?
What happened?
Lol very long meh? Ya I'm. You?
Gd morning,how is lifè today?Gd?Taken ur breakfast?
I m fine with anything
Can u bring a marker later since we'll be drawing e DB tables?
Nokia phone is lovly..
Hahaha wahhs shiok man!! Should just party into the night :DD hahahayeah audi would have been SO much better! And then ppl can alsoappreciate more!!!
Ha. LG smiling happily
Hah so human relations are measured by tokens. That's sad.
Good morning princess! How are you?
Love it! how so baby?
dun be upset over the cancel trip
Aiyo i know
Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
What time? I need to practice for soccer
The host xD don't worry about it, seeing my wifey is my present =P =P
Yeah i just finished routing that's why i asked lol
Haha WHY DID YOU REPLY!!! My sad fetching me there after food^^
Nite sweetheart!!
0k
When are visiting hours at the hospital?
m comin back...
Oh >< no la hahaha! It's tmr HAHA!!
Bang please hahahaha and bring poker cards too.
Hey... We comin home liao...
Hmm I heard mustafa has awesome shoes, wanna try Lol
Wth lol got multiple answer I tot is choose one sia...
Ha.. you ate peanuts?
A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
Hey, sorry i dun think can meet ü all today. Just realised got dance class at 4 ñ rushing a term paper. Sorry leh... Tml can?
933 MARIAH CAREY SONG!
What's up brother? How are everyhting?
Think more or less confirm. E movie u can go c w him lah, he like v interested also. Weekend then c how lah.
P
Hi Jane, Min here.  Can you send me the caterer 's number?  Id liketo check on their ETA.  Thanks!
K
Hmmm...
O cmon u hvnt seen it in any movie? Its da symbol of illumimati (a conspiratorial organization wch acts as a shadowy "power behind the throne" allegedly controling world affairs through presnt day govrnmnts and corporatns.. ) some thing relatd to new world order and freemason.. I dnt knw all abt ths shit. But they say many singers r iluminatis and they worshp satan. Thr r proves frm their songs
e name card need another few daes n its $20 for 100 ok rite? will pass u once its done..
Hi sry to disturb u. Call me back when u r free.
Andrew, could you please call this number.. Its 4 ruppes for you.. But for me its $5 per min.. Plz..
I anythin la... Can sit and tok can liao... Hmmm, u workin today izit... So fion joinin us...
My sis oso watch liao... So i have to watch alone, sob sob... Dun wan wait 4 vcd, very long...
Nt nw...
cekam bus
Haha...i on  <#> ...at lakeside mrt liao...how?..i go in sit down first?...
OMG why can't go jc even after appealing? Seriously, u don't havepoly face. Haha. Which poly amd what course u studying? NP biz ar?
ya lor. as my  friends doing agency  job then many of them   got more tutor than student
No. V'l talk 2moro.
Kk anything
Me should be able 2 make it on sat. Go Delphfi lor. U bk liao then tell me e time.
I dun have remover): sorry I didn't see your sms! Sophie gan wasusing my phone to connect to the internet!
U do hmwk also wasted
I oso noe nxt month... Wat day la...
Can down eat now
Love u da
I dunno,I was wondering... I made mine in Windia to though I mightmake a Bellocan one too
Hi! How are hope you are fine going for an outing to Goa will you be able to join me:-)
P.n.r home and u
Ok.. Sorry to have bothered you.. But just let me know whether we can meet this Thursday?
Re your call; You didn't see my facebook huh?
K.how was job going?
Plz call me
It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
LOL isn't that what sophie bought hilda!!!
Changi village eat till dam full den go ubin
Hihi, it's me again :) I've transferred  <#>  dollars to your acc.. Hope to hear from you soon :)
Pls record you raise me up by josh groben. Thanks.
Ok. Got error?
S but not able to sleep.
i am busy
You gg Rachel's treasure hunt thingy?
Next time too late le. Later ns u jialak. After ns also uni ur lasttime to take sports. Then u still procrastinate u no need learn le
My uncle died of mouth cancer! He gt it bcoz of panparag oly
Anna i dint get dat service leaflet..Hyms if u get an extra 1 gv me 2..Nw dont bark readin dis.By da *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
Hmm I going nickhole hse if u go
Not chandratta.. wil rch thre by 7am
NEFT Transaction with reference number  <#>  for Rs. <DECIMAL>  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  <#>  at  <TIME> : <#>
Wru
<#>  I tjlhinllk
Lol... even if the song title is wrong?
Tmr I not free. I going sch @ 4pm.
Cl kr
t go... =( haha... Cøz i got something on sat... I told cindy already.
Ok, tomolo sms me when u end work ba
C2D  <DECIMAL> /Asus/2GB DDR3/DVD/  <#>  HDD/ ATX CABINET/  <#> " LCD/ KEYBOARD/ MOUSE/ SPEAK Amount :  <#> , <#> /- one month hardware &software support
Haven... Nearly wanted to buy...
Staying the nightClothes, wash clothes, blanket, Quentyn, hair brush, tooth brush
U mean guy! Wat 2 do! May be they njoying their week ends!
Aur kitne bje tk ayegi?
Yeah xP it's disconcerting.. like I'm startled that it's 9
Der
sayang u moore tmr. mugmug!!
I think i am disturbing her da
Lolwut A Certain Scientific Railgun is selling at Giant but rated NC <#> . Shower scene much.
I heard the interview is damn tough lah. As in it's very demanding.I've no confidence leh. Do u think i shld go? He can pull strings ar?
Will reach around  <#>  min, I give u a call when I reach
Pani sb balti me bhar kr rakh lo.
Andrew plz meet madam.. :'(
Say about praveetha
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
No lah,that dress is Semi's anyway.
Npnp:D!!
Thanks for dropping that stuff off :)
No way all agencies hv lost their credibility since govt is corrupt
Yaadoon Se Ishq Nahi Hotaa Ishq Hotaa Hain Dildaaron Se Wo Dildaar Hi Kyaa Jo Ishq Kare Hazaaron Se
MY FB COVER
Neh gaming :))
Have you settled down oredi? I certainly hope so, esp with Funka coming up..
Where are you?
Yea set
Kranji le bblp
Haha hope you reach home safe and sound and bathe le! (:
wanna go watch movies??
m missing my dear... Sob sob... ?
Lol why are you so anxious haha. I havent check yet.
I be there ard 1230. Ryan,ron n shuhui haven told me their time
Home le kissssss u
I love u sweety!!
oo... ok.. :( thot i found something nice. take a rest dear
Nope. Cally eh?
What's the full name of your friend and his position in hua hng?
Very good morning:-)
plz send d money asap
Where are you
I just transfered 425 to you
Hey... My lesson tmr at 440 leh... Tt means i wont cya liao...
<#>   <#>
P
I love you sweetheart.  Hee. Remember to tug yourself snugly in bed.Nite nite. :*:* :-*
hello, do u still remember me?
1 Cor 2: <#> . Father, we thank you for choosing us. Praise be to God !!!
Can i cal u
Sorry late reply, I'll finish my zuowen soon and come sorry!
Haha I fell asleep! Time to take laundry!
Nvm think it's just ticking boxes. Can be done quickly.
Cool.
Find your REAL friends on ibibo. Enter their mobile no. @  <URL>
you got do tutorial ?
Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
Hahaha damnnnn. I think so D: haha oh I don't usually either, itsjust to match Chester hahaha
Hey u still at the gym?
Haha so sad T.T... ur mum force u eat arh lol... ehub lo lol... hahaok lo lol... wait tml no seat then we sit staircase lol.... haha thendun do lo tml then do on the spot
<DECIMAL> pm
Ok
Tat was what my friends at fow said.but d email circulatd gives a diff news
Live
Haha so ü tink my ice maiden better? Heh heh... Btw, ü going for my hall bash?
Kk
Lol! So fast come out! Haha then I tink I shld also full mark bah thanks lol
Yeah, definitely. I'm also gonna check that auditorium
Well the general price is  <#> /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want
Haha sup!
OMG AHH X.X hahaha
Wooo I seee. Hahaha alright!
ll have to ask em tmr lor... Might b able to... If 2 dun have, 4 ok?
Hi.what?
Just finished my dinner. My sister come to Singapore tonight but I also cant meet her. Too busy loh. what to do have to work. Have your dinner? What are you doing
Hey!!!!! I'm going up now! Which gate ah?
kkie..i pay u the money nxt time when i meet u..
I dnt use winzip .i use winrar so i dnt knw da exact method
That's what she said!!!!!
nothing is gonna happen to me .. so please leave me alone:(
i.m busy man call me later,ok?
Satsang me BABA:Aaj Aurat itne zalil kapde phenti hai,Unki bra khuli tange,peeth,pura Badan nanga dhikta hai Bhakt:Baba satsang karo,KHADA mat karo..
Ard 530 like dat lor. We juz meet in mrt station then ü dun haf to come out.
Gd nite to u too, my young friend. 7 more days of adoloscence left wo... Sleep tite tite.....
u free tml to write the intro?
Meet 9 2moro at simei?
Come again?
Alright sounds awesomez.e. but I only Fri free this week ...
Ok since sunday going then I can pay u on sunday.
Eh I not at home .. ask de de
Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly.
Dearie go
Xin wang cafe (behind starbucks at coronation plaza)
Yew teeed.  Haha
Can you please send me my aunty's number
No need lah.Of cos i know u meeting her lah. 2 of u so tian mi of cos will meet n stick together.
Yah... I cannot catch her....
Hey Wads ur point of comparison?
Hahahaha happy cny.buffet Jia buay liao ahhhh huat ah.hahaha.
Guess so...
If u like u can prpare sunquik drink. Theres lime in fridge drawer.add salt n sugar too. Cheese in frige door.
Sure. But they only have chinese salad?
Working
Lol..so how's your day going?
I had a gd time too... Thanx for da dinner...
GOD ASKED, "What is forgiveness?" A little child gave lovely reply, "It is d wonderful fruit that a tree gives when it is being hurt by a stone.. Good night......
ll help ü c classified-evenin telemktg oso lo.try e tp one la.
Khair sojao abhi sharif ladkiya itni jada der nai jaagti;-)
But i thought we are going carrefour tomolo? Wanna meet me at sun tec later ard seven-ish?
Ya she tell me plan but nv tell me location or shop's name.
There's so many outlet stores at the mall opposite expo!
1) A <#> . 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) weekdaynights excluding tue. Weekends.
Go n study smthng...
Hey... E folder in e workbin is closed, so how r we supposed to submit?
??
Oh oh okayyyy.
hi
I believe in you!
Can chope one more? Thank you!
Ps 2day nvr go back
Freshman Orientatn Week. It starts tis fri,if u reali reali want to join,u cum down to sch,dere will b pple ard,ask ask lor.
Slap, why are they good! I went back and left already LOL.
yar bata bhi de ab
Train le
All ok at home? Hope that Nathaniel is behaving today. Love you!
Oh. Then ok la. He he. See you tomorrow la
SORRY HAHA ACCIDENTALLY CALLED YOU. OMG YOU ANSWERED SO FAST
Haha yeah:P its raining!? Ooo just go ah!
Oh I mean urgent reply to her email.
Tail
Haha yeap (: oh no haha spent so long at laundry room!
Should be fine.  See you on Thursday then.  Thanks!
Idm helping out (:
Sending a hug and kiss to my dear dear telling him i miss him... Hope you day is great! ?
the sentence is?
Ok no prob. Take ur time.
Aiya.. sayang my yeiyei. Ur girl sleeping one whole day. Oops.today Igo school with u.. u wake up tell me k. I want to claim my kisses
K
Hmmm or when can I collect from you?
Ma chuda
Hey, u all want me to help u all do the validation. If want to, u allhave to book a timeslot with me leh. I help u all directly in yourlaptops. Then 3 of us can integrate first.
m studyin in e lib now... U wana come?
Ok
No one interested. May be some business plan.
Hahaha hell no eveb I'd be doing work there this time lol
Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
Parents leaving soon?
Im sorry ken!i dun chat tht things 1!
Bring show
Emo headache ga undi em tinaledu andtke
Replied you a Facebook message
Oh god that sucks so much. You are now like  <#>  min from my artfulhometown =P
front right calipers bolt very loose, esp the bottom one.
Haha good good!!! Quick go home!! (: (: Wah damn lucky you found it!!
Mom?
She free??
Kk
did you find your wallet?
Be there at 1115pm.
Gud nite slp tite...Will call u tml k?U wan a wake up call?
Yar lar... Ü arrange wif him to pick ü  up later oredi...
Bout  <#>  to  <#>  mims
why 26??
Wazzat
Yessssss?
I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*
<DECIMAL>
He got arp on Monday
I'll contact him myself i'm at sch alr
Love it! I want to flood that pretty pussy with cum...
Unless you put somewhere in base for it to collect itself, yes
Ur fren WAN to play?
Ok thanx... Take care then...
m not coming home 4 dinner.
When did you wanna party? And when are you inviting us to your house?
Kaha pe he abi
Macha that Deal is not happening, we need to sit again for better layout
m in hall wont sleep so early lah.
Please, comes!
LOL GO EAT NOM NOM NOM I WILL WAIT FOR TH TONIGHT I THINK!
really, then must remember to bring our swimming gear
Heehee.. So touching.  U so nice and thoughtful.. I hope i didnt spread e germs to u..
*go
s stricter at toa payoh than the ubi one.i not v.keen lei.prefer ubi one.thou far.
Lol tell me the results
re not in singapore or wat?
Oh yeah but I really want to try driving. :-(
Now at blk 3.
Ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! But you can call me there.
ok,. gd nite!
Hi Andreu, cud u pls ask those Lexmark people 2 send a foto with his mom n sister? Hope u faxd 2 dadx Anna's report. Bye
Home!!
I dont know. I received a message that says I got a mms from you in my singtel inbox online. But I cant open that page up.
where r u?
Nothing. I meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. Someone transfered  <#>  to my account and  <#> dollars got removed. So the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
ya. but to do the overall diagram i had to refer to all the servicesu all wrote. so i jud combined them foor my own vonvenience. easierfor myself to refer also. if u made lots of changes u can juz use myindividual diagrams for the services. some i haven add the servicediagram coz tgey feel abit weird
Lols! Where got percentage
Please submit your reports on time
U call is wait
The last cluster looks suspiciously like "bitch"
need me help u get anything ?
Yes I'll go!
Lol not tonight laa hahahaha
how about thai food? there are two thai restaurants close.
Rly? Why so cheap. I buy 1 more myself then, white de. Hahas SP shirt v nice
s bdae how?
Hi all please be present for choir practice tomorro at 6pm. Thanks.Tc, *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
Wooo!Passed astro hahah
dont feel lonely i will be there for you
Yes andrew,il cm 2 d prayer meetin dis wednsday surely.cl u 2marw.t.c.g.b *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
Yup.. two min if walking and I gave up avoiding puddles
Sorry sorry just woke up.
Aiyah, nothing to do so i stay in school. U so late den have ur lunch.
If it's 6 bucks, I may want to order extra.
Sorry, got a late start, we're on the way
Nope. Still got slight throat thingy.. going to grandparents house ina while.. all set for lunch?
I dunno leh but vivien also dun seem like she wanna come!
m out of da hse oredi... I dun dare ü go catch lar...
ll still b goin to sch anyway...
<#>
ok
Tot phua cmi cca slot cus too late?
Ok lor...
Oops. Not sure about them leh..
Hahaha.. when I turned  <#>  I did nothing lol
R ü going 4 their convocation tonite?
I lazy go all the way la. 2moro nite den I going
哦！！see u later!
Hehe..Wake up already ar..I today no work sia..Keke..
Nuh-uh. Before bed on tuesday.
what time is the show
at home preparing, yao hao le. u guys??
I'm doing it now T.T
Hi Violet, happy new year to you too!! Please see your codes below, they are for USD  <#>  each :)
OHH RIGHT. Ahh can I paste to you the thing he typed later? :D hahawhat did I tell you?? I only said they abit fake ah! Hahaha remind mebah!! Hahaha yeah I heard he and Truman went at night right! Haha Idun really know what they were doing ah, ryan and I chatted on thephone quite awhile hehe:x then he was talking to weiren then use comin the morning o.o
wah liew! then some more she mention her name and school name
No nid photocopy anything?
Yes oh.
Ah ok. We still doing. Last 2 parts.
Yea! But is yh staying?
LOL YES I AM STAYING IN JAIL HAHA OOO INTERESTING HAHA JIO YOU HOSTELDINNER NOW! HAHAHA
Lol mmmm chocolate pens...::drools::
Dear dear u go eat something first? Dr Lim just come
Yeap.
Not home yet
Yes
I still at chapter 1 lols
Patel Hospital aa jana.
Really!Your left leg is broken. :-(
Yup going to class le.
I WAS BEING REBELLIOUS AHH ACTUALLY I DUNNO LA I DUN THINK I GOT THETIME TO GO REVISE. HAHA SO LATE WHAT A PIG HAHA COZ I'M SO AWESOME!
I dun really know! I think I typed it wrongly also hahaha! Can findonline one!
no preferenc for the website i mean
okie .. wat time ?
Help me buy drink, later i break come out get frm u k... Hmmm, buy aloe vera peach ...
How abt making some of the pics bigger?
s my ang pao :)
Just in case i forget to tell u. Wah today michelle damn prettyright. I think it'll be a tough fight between her n geneieve to be ourclass belle leh. Haha.
Watching tv:)
I reach le find me at e lesser ppl public phones corner
Nahaya nai mai
What not nice! Must make until nice nice one!
Np!
Lol then marry him la
Okay... I msg ü tmr ?
ll go bid too...
<#>
Yea and put a present there
we meet at 10.30 am at Jurong mrt stat tmr, k?
Hahaha!!!! I said its just you!!!!!!
Haha from jus now till now. Hows ur day at e agency? A lot of ppl?
Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
Hey imma watching movie now. Ttyl
Nnnno, I was just saying what accompanies the animal product. Youknow, in her reusable containers and fair trade coffee
Hahahah I thought wanna go support him lol. I think shouldnt be a problem :)
Seoul science high and rits:D
Ok
Ok! See you tmr :)
Hey... Sorry... Cant meet ur liao... Gota go... Meet up again k...
It's so pretty!
Foosball is table soccer! Nah Seoul garden sux
Morning xoxo for my yeiyei!!!! Have a safe trip to school ok! Urloupo loves u much!
Testing
S0nu tere papa ko b0l khana khane ghar jae
Okie :)
Watching tv lor. Nice one then i like lor.
Hi Sue, yes confirmed.
How come? I got Pe lol
Kya hua yaar
Telerangers, powertubies
are u going to sch tml ?
sim architecture and channel coding device
Msg 140: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<a6ae4681c787661d87f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2011.11.29 01:09:36
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Hey do you know the status of our Sweden talk? Shiv is uncontactable..
Ah wat time.tmr ah.I going queue up at suntec for some cheap sales.wahahaha.
LOL SOPHIE PLAYS DN TO BUT DIFF SERVER HAHA SO SAD THE YEAR 5S ARE INSPRINGWOOD
Haha I think  <#>  plus reasonable for the steamboat.
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
What's wrong with their butlers? At least their houses are prolly really clean.
Delhi and chennai still silent.
Dude gurren lagan is on tv. Kamina is hardcore
Okie ok u tell me when la k.. Hee
<#>  clementi central.
Yup.
Ohh you girls ah. Then I go for wut. Shouldnt have came back to hostel today.
Hime le sweeeetu
Yeap yeap.Wed is gd.lol.where u wan eat??
You repair and upgrade laptop?
Mayb u seen better night scenery out of spore t why u dont find it nice here
Sup
Psh I think it's all a bullshit conspiracy
K
Hi gdate and mia
Chain guard need to be  <DECIMAL> mm steel. Brakes need to take  <#>N applied force.
I m going to a lawyers place.
Hahaha maybe!!! I went for their children's day campfire very verylong ago hahaha!!
Can u remember the cream used 2 chilblain? (Setruppun)
Hubby rem to eat ur pill pill.. and hor, dun overwork yourself ok!Mug mug!!!!!
Wassup
Yo it's wei qi here. I think I forgot to give u my no, so here goes lol
Haha nvm.miraculously I found a space lol...
Tuesday I mean.
raza sahab ka number send karSent=5, Failed=0
Person who likes u more will always fight with u.....鈥?? Its not they started to hate u..鈥?? Its simple.....鈥?? They always want ur affection more...gud mor
I need you...
Want to finally have lunch today?
Ok sorry abt all that. Slp earlier on sat probably helps!
Ok no prob
Hahas sj still running
Lol not open book.but the assignment and exam all from there.quite alot ah.
Yh baby.
Kaha ho?
Hi dear, ricky would like to know the spray back glass color.  Is itwhite for both dry and wet or a different combination?  Can you let meknow or talk to ricky? I told him both white unless we change it withhim today.
Haha yeah): you also! Ooo so cool! Haha I don't get good impressionof both of them.who's the other potentials? How can slowly cycle! Needcatch up with others isn't it! Haha oo it's different in cp haha, evenif I want to go for exco no one will let me just coz i'm enthu! HahaDillon just checked in at Kembangan mrt!
tell me first
Hi Andreu, pls chek my email.
I thought u liked freaks. I like freaks.
Cant find it. is it after the patrol stations, or before?  <#>  pasirpanjang road right?
In five minutes?
Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
Cdoin.
I dun have e date of our check up leh... Weird... Wat time is it...
Haha omg you used a tilde!! Haha coz I didn't wake you up then I feelbad ~ I caused you to be late mah!
YA..
Okay thanks! think get back same instructor... Guess have to see ü later.
Hey! I'm home
Ok lo. We go siam kitchen wan not? I have $10 voucher i tink lot 1 got, dunno abt westmall. Then how to send me? Infrared? Ill ask bi if she wan to come k
Other bravo is good pick for chennai.
Yup. Need print wad
Because you are very noisy. Remember to do it by today eh. Send mewhen im in class if possible.
Ooo I see I see. That's gooood
Your prince's watching a movie with Dicaprio called Body of Lies. Faith as a girl? You must remember that I am being charitable,not that you deserve it! Wahahahahaha
'Happy new year' hardeep
Bring it
Then u staying in ur office until wat time?
Won anything? 2moro wat time go there
Post!
think they  will get a gathering for u gusy
Hmm mayb nxt week u remind me? Ti ,week quite busy ps
Yup tmr  <#> pm at kismis.
Now only am coming.
Borrow the one at home lah
Also, camera i think no choice it'll interfere with  <DECIMAL> ghz
What is amphitheatre?
And bring all da mem cards on mon too
Just anytime you done come over
Ah yes. Sorry slipped my Lmind. Will try and find someone for you.
Hi sue, Min here, from Desmond's unit at the Warren.  Can I checkwith you whether Desmond let you know whether he wants us to take anyof his furniture he doesn't want?  Otherwise we'll just assume hewants to keep all of his belongings.  Thanks.
<#> ?!
Ab mjhse shadi kaun karegi... ? He he he...
As in right after math or bio
Thanks for picking up the trash.
Hope you are fine and gained health after the fever
Yeah see you! :-D
Finally grocery shopping xP we had to see my mom last time, though wemight see her tomorrow
Hi.. Can I get your ear phones for a while.. I will give them in few min..
Where u
Go n fuck with whom ever u like i don care
Will make my way there now.
Got aircon wat...
OK I sent the email! (:
Haha. At woodlands coming back.. never mind ba
Yo Lum!! hope you're having fun in Taiwan now! Sorry but can you askwensin if she can sms me her ic, home telephone and address? Need toapply fr ssef sorry!><
I'm in office..
What time do we meet for supper?
Cool. In anjappar no? I ll see you in  <#> .
Hahaha my next stop is sch
Lol I think that just make it worse. He's just not listening to me anymore. Its like he just stares at me while I talk, drowns me out then guesses what I said.
Hey, what were your humidty reading on Indriya? Mine fluctuates around  <#>
Haha okay>< hope it heals soon! Haha nope don't need! (: haha watching TV!
Haha:P okay lah I dun liao! Hahaha i'm also sleepy): where did yougo! Haha okay ah alot of things sia lucky it's Monday exam!
Leo's mum asked me  <DECIMAL> pm reach their house.
I dunno...I applied lah...But whether going or nt is another thing lor
Po de :-):):-):-):-). No need job aha.
At king albert park
And how's your husband.
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Yeap!
Teck ghee cc left with  <#>  white residential listings.
Die... I accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive. Haiz... I so sad...
Ok...
So wat time u going back
Aight, we'll head out in a few
Can sure all the best for ur test!
Oh okay thks
Huh... Got so diff meh... Den die la.. I juz took my advance, hopefully can pass... So far, y dun go yck one... Den can go together oso...
Kal dkh ra tha
Lol my messenging app hang.
Orh.. You all go ba.. Im having dinner at home with my parents.. What time you all going?
Hey hey! Are you in sch today?
m going to be late leh.
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <#> Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <#> lacs..thats my prob
Lols tts the pinky bro I knew! I also suck at all ... Sianz when cca start
Waa lame. Can't take it man
Yup ok...
ME 2 BABE I FEEL THE SAME LETS JUST 4GET ABOUT IT+BOTH TRY +CHEER UP+NOT FIT SOO MUCHXX LOVE U LOCA
Mai downld kr k upld kr deta hn. Phr link bhj dun ga
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
And sure I'll come
Alright...try to narrow or highlight the more impt information out ofall ur info...i need to contact jaime first...he in dl?..
Infant Jesus ll give happy and healthy life to u nd ur family. Merry Christmas.
Haha yeah they ate steamboat ytd, today bbq! Hahaha omg so suay! Hahawhy she dun believe? yeah haha maybe should just tell them right, thenit won't be behind their backs liao!:x!! Hahaha:P
Ooohh groooss :( dude that sucks major ass
Jus watched the trailer. Looks good. But why the red light nvr flash?
Waa I tink I more free on weekdays le. Latest by when can I tell u
195 from where?
where u?
Depends in where's bleeding!
That's good... Virginia sort of implied I might've been able to dothat if I needed
STATUS 9QE <#> B7
Awesome!! Looking forward to the show! Hugs :-)
tml meet me at tv lounge at 3pm, then we go together k? see ya!
Call me back plz
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT & HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
Yea...Its a superstition thing. Go temple n take e first joss stick. Its always featured in news lei... Last min hug buddha leg. Not good... :p
No lock
Serious? Dun be too sad ok? How's day 1?
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
Haha my phone want lagging!!! Hahaha yeah we could do that! So! Wantme to call?
m still on é bus...Is xin anywhere nearer?
Sorry:/ yeah I dun understand either, I asked him too. He says hedon't want to ask someone to open gate for him again!
i am serious
Ok!
Ya.
Macs got 1 for 1 leh
PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
Kaiez... Cya den...
Later then I open!
Ehh I wanted to say but never sweat so not so bad, then the neverwent missing._.
Run home? Dun want lah, i dun want u to fall down. Take a cab home.
Ye but running, not kayaking
Good evening:)
I am going home now 2 prepare yr gifts. Else later no time to do it. Ha ha. After a long shopping walk, finally found something 2 give u. Now for the packaging.
Hi pple...care 2 chat?
Hey happy birthday final boss! Ps yest slept le
MO
K.k.had dinner?
How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea
I sms jaime liao...but he no reply...can ask him to check hisphone?...or he is bz now?..
:) ok, u reach le msg me. cya.
?
thanks a lot. i will rate you when i get home later.
Wanna book the korean bbq on thur since quite a lot of number of pplconfirmed already?
sry aunty, on  <#>  alr.. really dunwan me to buy up?
I miss you too! I really need to go on a run D:
Haha dunno leh! I should really be packing my stuff or sleeping!
Laopo i love u ma. U meet ur jie u tel me k. Love u
ok loh. rest well!
Lol can earlier leh. Im going home already.
I vote for jiahua fren one....need to read thru properly to addresssome simple grammer mistakes....
Okay. We go eat first. We just ended lesson.
Aight, tomorrow around  <#>  it is
m here. Not sure if its e right place. Hougang sports hall?
Hey will send it by tonight.. thanks for following up.. haven't had achance to get back home. .
Haha yeah it's some coordination flash game to run  <#> m! Haha yay!Omg lame! My bro also going to play! Hahaha time is not very far inleh! Jyjy!
Wha u gd lor enjoying urself, me almost going crazy staying at home, hv 2 keep think of things 2 do. Then u yest no need teach piano?
Sorry for the delay. Yes masters
xy:Ok but most prob we come aft 2 cos might be camping in school hee... we in school now
see you after lunch.
Lol... See what she says.
Wish you a very happy birthday
Hey peeps go play captain ball
I suppose so, is it win xp?
Megaupload 4 person, each abt  <#>  ok or not?
Haha orh!! Kisss u. Miiss u mucg. Go hm safe sweety. Heee
Yo yo wake up le mah. Jeff and I going over to bugis le.
How can?!?
Okie lol.. fist show also got shuai ge arh lol... how can u reject myvirtual kiss~~~ lol... wan to wat? U mean want ti eat wat arh?
Haha I just woke up:P I think I really just stayed calm throughouttoday ah haha:P except a few moments where you keep popping into myhead haha! ooo so you took sbs bus in is it? so interesting haha Inever did that before:P haha! Of course!
Lol I made steak yesterday. It was delish =P
No need gd luck liao. I fail de hen can... Yup same place
U told me u didnt lyk me talkin with ma schol frndz
I tink nt enuff den buy...I got like 6 bottles liao...Haha
U try to refer to the info here....  <URL>
Sure no problem.
Nope i din receive any... I was thkg ask u liao then call...
Haha im not at home now eh.
Which branch. Pnb.
Ya ok di sorry
Who r al coming?
Lol yoville motivation?
I not sure leh. Its easy that's y hard to score. Consider first ah.Not sure can start bid tml or not.
I thought of asking u n si also. Free seating unless we go every early get front seats else not v cheap also. I can get 10% disc.
im on the way, reaching in 20 minutes
I tot we walking?
Lol omg your insane
Tiffany.
Saying prayers
Oh.. Haha. Wah like that u must come out with another lie to coveryour first lie. Xin ku ni le. Haha. Let's hope she'll appreciate bah.
Haha not bad arh... but is hai ren one u won't like I tink lol...okie night too!
hmm.. nw coming back frm vivo. oops..
Can resend me the pdf? Cant see anything when open the file.
This time we won't ditch each other like with the hobbit
Haha:P congrats! Reaching home soon? Btw, you have the gifts thatChester, you and I bought is it? (:
Rain,wat is ur phone number dan?i would want 2 koe u well.if u would want 2 let mi koe u more..:)
Jus reached simei
Thanx but my birthday is over already.
I dont knw chikku..may be i think invited..
Hmmm  <#>  to 6. Nvm then.
good morning
Yupz... Watchin how to lose a guy in 10 days at lido now lor... Cos everyone watch oredi so have to watch alone lor...
Yeah xP
Sam
OKAY. CLEMENTI IS DECODERS. LOL. MIND CAFE IS AT FUNAN IT MALL! Yupaft that is fine! Tmr  <#>  at boon lay!
Haha nope chester randomly jio me yesterday LOL. Help for fun! Seeyou all! Hahaha nope I'm not! Wear the one I already own (:
Yep
S s..i thnk u fnshd studyng
K.k:)
Cray =P
Haha is it? I dont know eh. I thought since we know both of them andtheir birthdays. =X ask the rest and see how?
Chk in ur belovd ms dict
Ok thanks!
hi good evening come to park at 6
No need to wait until  <#> . Now can tell u none of my friends wantto work with me! Faintz. Sorry can't help u on this.
Have some faith in yourself! Yeah just remember to tell me your free slots!
BTW tonight eating in sch?
Wow haha your birthday I make one pencil box for you eh. Confirm unique.
Sat dinner is fine.
Idk! Tmr night?
u male or female
R U BUSY?
Oh ok... Then i go bishan n meet ü oso rite...
Hahaha IT IS I INSIST:D why do you want to be! If you're later thanhim, then being late will be Chester-like!
Ooo btw ur in the same group as Lionel. Cool man!
Steady. Haha. Next time treat all go movie
Yep, indeed I am
WWWWAAAAAKKKKEEEEEEE UUUUPPPPPPPPPPP
K d:-)
s how pple learn rite ?
Yx!!!!!!!
Ohh btw! So you wanna go for the event thing?? :D
Ok!!! G  <#>  come out. Loooove u
Will be slightly late.
Thanks! I need the emergency contact's name and relationship!
Oh k k...
Alright, love you
Upstairs. I start eating
Should be ok
My dear, i have reached home la... I m very happy today! I love u
I'll call you when I reach
Lol steamboat monster.expensive not sia I last 2 days spent like <#> .abit poor.yunlong they all leh?
Han wal k sath bilkul end pe. .aur bacho walay desk the. Aram se msgs ho rae the
nope nx sem.wad u major?
Gud ni8 dear
Sorry but I've been running around all day and am sick of dealingwith wallet shit and your advice wasn't going to change anything
Yeap maybe haha :P oh goodness haha I can't believe I am wearing a dress ._.
OMG THE FACEBOOK ONE?
Lol kazekage you mean
I know we had figured this out before. I need to look at the paperwork again to remember.
I dunno heehee ps I turned off my com before checking msn, what didyou last say?
Dats a gud news Nt 4 u bro! Obviously
We're aiming for 8
Hee. Good good. I want to see also. Awesome!!
I dont know. When you are free I guess?
Yes
Nolah. Tell u first becoz thurs got meeting. I feel that something iscoming my way leh. Now got GSM liao leh. I don't know what will comeout later. So how, are u going to change what u've wrote?
Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf
Oh I tot always is weight to strength ratio? Says the requirement Oo
So meet at somerset or orchard?
m watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
Ooo cool! Paiseh I just ended!! folded alot origami boxes!!  Haha thekids are driving Chester and I nuts, thank goodness it's over! Sms youlater, bye bye! Ohh btw ros is the only year 6 here haha, the rest allyear 5!
K.
Great thanks!
Eh I cant take it, I can only take it at 4th year, den tie in with my fyp.
Job Fair@CMS Institute,4th flr,Collis Estate,Air India Bldg,Ravipuram,Cochin.Wipro/IBM/DELL Hiring for Voice/Semi Voice.Date:9th Feb' <#> ( <#> pm) <#> / <#>
On bus. Changi general hospital. Reaching
Wa do so long! Wahadha my tumy for u anytime~~~ haha I watching showT.T... hope can wake up tml lol
Yaa,, wht to do :(
Integrating to your mycode3 shld be okay. As mentioned ytd, i createda product table n used another controller.
Yup.
They just went to buy
<#>  delgoda road biyagama colombo
<#>  dollar tickets are sold out? Wow extreme!  You day pwner
Slept I assume?:))
How come?
Haha yeah see! ah bored ~~
Kk np.
I'm sure they think they're not like that too lol
Hee. Muuacks. Must sayang u more. Love u big big
Sure ? I haven cook yet, if u don want to eat I don cook yr share
Yup yup n other stuff too lah i think.. Hee gelak u r e first to reply me! Haha
sorry i am ill
Good bye
dosri chal rahi ha
For what
Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
Oh btw, help me thank lewis for the soya bean ice cream! (:
Ya. 4h here le
Sorry had to charge phone. At Cl. Will reach in  <#>  mins
In peliyagoda
Depend Hw u order lo. Below 50
Hi Desmond, thanks for taking the time to meet today.  We would liketo request that you use a different carpenter than the currentgentleman for the kitchen and all other works that need to be redone.Thank you!
this morning i got a friend who told me she think  guys who cry  are weakling on the other hand i think she is  not mature enough guy have feeling too, cantthey cry  ?
Better then good! Today also rest more! Lol... but u more familiarwith it mah lol... today wear another shoe go learn driving feel soweird... next time must wear back the levi le lol
Hye Aditya,can we have a party tonight?
Okay lo
Alright haha
Sac needs to carry on:)
Eh my passport ready already, u wanna schedule appointment go downcollect together?
Ok... I tell u later can...
Fine. Except that I have a careless mistake for the diamond question.
ok lor ..
Cs <#> 
Cs <#> 
Ma <#> 
Pc <#> 
Lav <#>
K u too tc.
Hi Ricky, chasing you. Can we know when the carpentry that wepreviously agreed on is going to be installed?
U call me after u finish ur dinner, den see where am i or i go ur house n pick u.
sch wor.. today nt so early back.. why leh? wan play ah. haha
Hahaha you know im always joking heh.
This fri? U see how la.. Then u still going to dye ur hair? Hee
at where ?
<EMAIL>
Hey! Where r u all now?
Heh chiong only eh lol.
Haha okie nvm then
Lols I mayb doing arp with jens sia. U doing with who
She gon come soon
My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
s great thanx a lot.
Handed in!
Ya dad break camp le, but I still got things to do. Wont be back early.
Lea me from singapore. Working now. U? Working or studying?
Eh sia la. That time i flight transfer in dubai there were a lot of women draped head to toe in black. There was this one woman i thought was facing away from me, until i saw the narrow slit in her veil for her eyes man -.-
Tmr meet you at town can mah?
I don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that I did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
s up...
Home la. U going baCk 2moro morning?
Are you at home
I'll go back myself
Okay! :D
Hi Andreu, Baba is apqointed 2 royal. May God bles u . Bye
Oh hmm. I don't get what you mean haha.
Haha you should though!
Ok i sent to ur email.. No lah, still not feeling well so stay at home.
Dear good morning how you feeling dear
Tues no sch! E learning. Go watch le
So fast spoil already? Got warranty? haha
Anybody wants to go shopping tmr ?
Just got here.where u ah.
Go online toot (:
Uh hur! What if your feet suddenly grows bigger then you find yourfeet unable to fit in le how. XD
Hey..are you there?
Yup i watched it. They're not at the middle lah, that's my commentloh. And they nvr carry kitchen tools. Haha. But do u think after uadd in, it'll look fine?
Then coming frisbee?
T.T sleep ~ ohh so you guys all just headed home after we split up ytd??
Hmm not so early eh. After dinner bah.
Why so late de go hm
Haha where were you? Next week!
Hmm let's meet at clementi mall at  <DECIMAL> . Go eat lunch
?
dinner later?
Haha go find somemore to eat! Hahaha some random person called nina.She seems pissed at my table hehe! Haha the mushroom soup was okay!Haha yes her cluster. Yup I'm sittiing with my cluster!  Haha yea :)pat back! Hahaha!
S
Lol got extra questions!
Nope
s present with me?
Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
da starz r out, da moon is up, 1 more HUG, 1 more smile, KISS u once, KISS u twice, now itz time 4 bed. Close ur @@, n sleep tite!
That's the way you should stay oh.
Can!
Eh where r ü... Y ü divert ur call to voice mail...
which parts r u refering to?
Hmmm... I dun mind publicity lor... Haha, dunno oso...
Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
4 plus.
now coming back le.. u at home or outside?
Are you coming down later?
Phone krke batao
Any time now
Hey loosu.
ok
Dnt want explanation
Happy new years!!
Hey jeff sorry, sent that message to you by mistake.. no wonder yousounded confused
Whos this.
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
Okayz..:-)
Waiting for  <#> . Shld reach in around  <#>  mins.
Joey: Hai! ryan care intro.
Haha yeah and some set up maple private server to play! I'm watchinghangover 2 now haha! Ohh but we got no one who's lower level! Hahahayou guys ah! Shakes head:P I taupok-ed Hilda tay:D haha why did youthink of that!! Haha what movie?
meet 3pm at somerset
Please if u want to contact me call this no.91620941(starhub-hi.card) very sorry for the inconvenience caused.
Where are you?
Hi sir the pressure sensors will be coming this afternoon.
I wont say browse la. Just tell him what u want and they will cut for u.
mai ja rha hu
goodnyt...have a tight sleep
I suspect as much lol... aiyo wanna sleep sleep all the way le mahwait later cannot sleep again! Lol... I just finish a 1 hour lecwebcast! Haha... tml shall continue again!
Hahaha sth about silkworms! We're starting tmr! Hahaha okay!!!!! Jioeveryone!!:D
Ailing, how u going east pt from ur home? Meet u in bedok then go tog la. I got free bus to bedok mrt...
Yea but if my exam period I cant
have you read todays paper
Remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
Hey what's the alphabet on your student id?
Da Jie u if see this msg let me noe can?
Not playing ah?
Ohcrap sorry just saw this uhh just use the old one first
Am on the uworld site. Am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
Not eating wif u all lol...
No need :)
laogong gd morning!!!! baobei slp so early hor.. :-*
She's not cute though either
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
Okay. Noted.
Chalega kya
U?
Can swim is relax one wat. Can wash sweat
Check your f book profile tomorrow.
lol... ok...i just saw the  <#>  page thing.. good luck to us both.
How to check for results for posting?
Ok (: sorry I eating lunch! Are you here yet?
What you told to her
At prayer m3ting?
Coming together is begining, Keeping together is progress, Living together is life, Dying together is love, But Feeling together is Friendship.. Lv u hasu n tc
Aiya computing no girls la! Lol
Fine, i jus go home n sleep. So sleepy.
Bought car coupon allready. :-)
Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
Oh my God. I'm almost home
Change plan...i go upstairs pc cluster...
K.k:)
HAHAHA I am officially a bss staff already leh lol
Where?
Have you been there?
Praise the lord! The fever is over.two days only. Thankyou jesus.
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Ya I oso dunno.wan to help oso cannot.u wan can add in some examples from the case to support wht y isit gd or bad communication.
Ok d
Wah u so gd... Only 6 pts...
Havent.
Haha ohh omg that's a huge difference!! Take  <#>  bah!! Hahaha Itold him I can pass him, he say dun want wor! Haha I need to go schfor council stuff, got dry run and proposal presentation for theprobation ppl! Haha idm but I think if I go abit weird right! I'll gohome! Haha what do you mean? I'm a little confused!
Sittin in my cubicle
Good morning Li Mei.. Hope you went home safe.. :)
Haha.. she like all 3?
I thnk u r slept... Good night... Sleep wel... Ummmaah...
Wat the...
Pfffft it's 7 am to me, you should be able to get up =P
Hey peeps go play captain ball
Goodnight ryan~!
Yes, according to SMB chapter 4B is tested
Ok!
Because I understand!
HAHA WHAT FOR! SO COOL
See u soon
Don't worry though, I understand how important it is that I be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Brb gonna go kill myself
s very good!
Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
Yo wanna join xt and eve and moi for dinna?
I want to see you
I am also playing new game on phone lol.. will go back tomorrow.Goodaravalli it seems.. athai convinced me to eat chakkara pongal andgo.. what your plans?
Its still at west coast park right?
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
NETWORK ERROR: MESSAGE SENDING FAILED. . . . PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER. . . .
Okay.
Dude not yet man! I'm going in a couple minutes
Any way where are you and what doing.
So u found ur way? ?
I tot u mean interchange...
Haha yeah. Good luck for your paper!
I got to rush my lab report. Tdy cannot call u k. Tmr u going to school? I meet u in school?
Rajnikanth smoked a cigarette and the cigaratte got lung cancer.
Oh! I checking out next week haha! Yeah the lesson just ended, got scmtg now, sian haha today got 2 mtgs!
Thanks for gift! I really like it.
I will be. But if they have to check out early then I guess it's possible to meet up.
You're ridiculous xD
bblg get a rest! kiss u!
Orh! I will SMS u. Dear u slp first k
Haha I just on my way to school now... lol u wanna watch that? Nomango milkshake sob sob sob... so u got drink?
Heeee.  Muacks.!!
I dun have such shit le... Friday whole day sch siaz
merry christmas
Doin dip assignment.codin
Oh it's okay. Haha. I nvr go also so i'll assume u won't be free overthe weekend too right?
Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
s life?? long time nvb c u liao..
Got hella gas money, want to go on a grand nature adventure with galileo in a little bit?
Okay if prof Seah around tell him we don't need mr seetoh to come infor the moment. Unless anyone needs him.
Till wat time?
Yeap I think so
): ): fine!!! Emo ~~
Kaha par he
Haha hey where on earth you find such good person to treat you koi.
Well that part & parcel of cycle of Governance it does not come to halt with change of govt.
Let me check that with ramc
Day 1 in school and the bear hanging on the bag dropped in school..
Close your things da.
Good morning, walking to office loh. my feeling better already. only a little flu. reached office bye!
I vil study in d eve
Ya. 1st obey me
Haha no la lol. Oh ya btw ane will be on  <#> th march. ^^
so you want? got you, alex and me
Kk
Meh nvm you take your time i go back first
I tink Vivien will buy her own stuff?
Good evening:)
Time for...
Bt batok.. lol.
What time you coming home
We’re in the heart of wedding season and beautiful brides across the nation..its so nice:)
Bye bye!!! Have fun!!!
m home...
Bhai f0rm aya kya eee ka
Today first sch reopen, gd luck. Hope everything will be fine 4 u. Jia you...
it was good
prevention is better than cure
Going to bathe (: have a safe trip home!
Haha okay! Then I try to get it from my other friend ba. Sorry aboutall the fuss man. :P
Boht resrch aur calculatns ki hain mai ne
U wanna go pengarang from  <#> aug?
Babu hm injection dilate hue aa rhe hai.
Hey meet you at boon keng mrt eh. Im going your house now.
r u kidding?
Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: "GOODMORNING & HAVE A NICE DAY" :)
kitne pages kahe the maam ne
Hahaaha yeah.
Whenever yo
Yea eating wif u all
Oooh I got plenty of those!
Stop
Will be late. Think I'll eat dinner in school
__________________.? Write a questn in dis blank dat u alwaz wantd 2 ask me bt never tried.. Reply's must n should:-)
Thanks day! :-)
Hi da, prashanth gt a reply sayin dat need 2 wait sum more time. I askd hm 2 try 4 QA 2. Vl cal u 2nite.
Have ur lunch. O/L students lunch going on here. Anna spoke now. He said he'l talk when i'm home. May God bles u.
U wait for helicopter to pass 1st?
Sure so 8+ is ok rite
Hello Mereith! Just saw your message. Please note my number. Thanks.
I thk besides leona everyone is going... But i neva hear him mention abt xf...
s lian se..
Home le yeiyei
Haha I think I will go see who teaching then decide whether I go bah.Hehe I'm not falling asleep, thanks for staying up to chat with me:Pdo you have anything on tmr? You should sleep :x haha good guess:P butmy phone only got like  <#>  songs hahaha
Hi.reached room?
<#>
Thanks.
Cl
Heh?
Sorry im at chalet.
Calm down.
Oh dat...hehe.Why r u so interested?
Worst case scenario. Bobian, really no response.
You found the racket?
ok la...
$ <#>
yar uske baad wo restart per scan ka pooche ga usko yes karna ha
OK.. want me come down in  <#> ?
Howw u going his house?
Ok at basement rite?
I paid Swetha
s birthday... Sorry.
Today still got genes n soc not ah?lol.
yupz...if u cant den i help u collect lor...
Its like  <#>
chou baobei ur chouuuuuu chou still waiting for  <#>  lei.. u hungry alr?
Sorry latest update from my side; i don't think I can make it :/ have fun guys
Reachd mahal?
Lol you nv told me you are released early today.
Jus gymed yest  lols
Post! I know! I miss her family too!
m going home now then go pump petrol lor... Like going 2 rain soon...
Go sign up for proj management grp  <#> ! Faster go b4 we hab tochange grp cos random ppl chap in again
In a meeting
Thank u anna. Wish u a very happy tamil new year. This year may give u all the strength to reach ur goal. 'God bless u'
Hum bahar hai
Can can.
Ok. Still busy... Le me know what time you will be at city hall.
From a stranger, to an acquaintance, 2 a friend, u presented e  best memories and as god adds years to my life u added life  to my years
Hhaha alright enjoy yourselves eh! Jiayou! ;)
Hahaha possible, or you want to go out also can.
m curious.. erm.. u short hair or long hair now? haha..
Truman. How was it
Heee!! I also wan. Today see u slp like princess
I don't tink so, my progress same as when we did them together. I gotother module to study for, so likely wont be touching it until tue.
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
K.wad time?meet at ecp ah?or parkway or wads?btw,who else goin?
Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla..
K. I will sent it again
K..come aftr 8
I'll be in sch. Let me know if u all are meeting and whether need tobring toothbrush anot. Thanks.
Eww licking our feet?
Bank lo ra nu ekada unau
Alrigt thanks! Did lynette contact you?
Its easy..
Open letter box
Ohh yay thanks! (: (: I bet you did super well!
sir ko kehna tha paper ka solution de dein
LOL yeah I didn't know through any official channel also, I heardfrom candice onr!
Reached school.
I think I can (:
chal phir kar le
Yessssssss! I watched  <TIME>  o.o
Lol diff.best student other than lect notes oso study textbk de.lol.
Thanks.
Sos! Any amount i can get pls.
Post caw caw
I have no idea leh, when it ends?? I have break until  <#>  in themorning too! But next day got chem test so prefer not to end too late:/
Risk aha. Its life.
Lmao! I at home la
I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly & it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
m going to the toilet look for my bag
Wa so hao mai arh lol... sob sob sob... at lest u got sushi jia liao!Lol... ba kut teh!
No I didn't.. Do you want me to?
Yup.  Just send me an SMS when you reach
Meet at where tonight 9pm?
Quite layman*
Haha its ok.
Gdmrn machan,girisha askd u 2 cm online at abt  <#> am
Ireena...im 23 gal.
Weeeelp I'm dumb
About  <#>  I think
How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch
TIME IS VERY VALUEBLE,DONT WASTE IT
Funshion. not only eng shows. There are other shows too.
All your papers are down here and we can't bring them up to youbecause the elevator's locked and we're leaving soonish
<TIME>  enduku
Hey what time is our consultation time again ah?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Well my parents will let me take a walk.. maybe not beach lol.
OK.. at 1 right?
m abt done k...
yes my dear, get more rest k.  u tired le. i one more stop
Yeah i lulzing at your convo but it's okay don't worry about it
Haha can't pick up?
I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?
Ya on my way was in a jam
Ohh want me to pass you stuff?
Omg you are O.O crazy.. and maybe lol, we don't even live near each other lol
m going muji to see see look look
Hahaha the crab that the male one claw bigger than the other! Nopehahaha! Chatting with weihan and sophie super random! I'm not ~~!
okok, need to go for class now. msg you later.
I'm going for bath will msg you next  <#>  min..
Yeah coming le.
Did u ask her wen c l return
Ohh why read comics when you can watch?
Assignment pa
Im near the harp.
输一分
Yup!!!!!(:
Happy birthday!! May all your wishes come true!
Like all quite far. èn after ür suntec one.ü stil lkg for jobs?
<DECIMAL>  can mah lol
Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
<#> Km to pagoh tol
so fast listen to darren already..
Jus chillaxin, what up
Hi Andreu, anna spoke.Intending 2 go 2 trinco. Wants us 2 join. U can take leave i said. Anyhow try 2 join. He'l be coming 2moro here n then go frm here. He'l talk 2 u he said. What about rum? May God bles u.
Nvm I asked. If dillon nvr reply den we dun do
Hah why lah? Wat happen.
Ya la. He noes la.
No
Dun mind...Wanna go shopping b4 tat? I wannna ask u go shopping w me...Got enuff capital liao...
Ok. Going with u =)
Haha but if can save then help them save bah!!! Hahaha what games??Ooo nice timing! Heehee I went with raghav Chester Chris Christine andsemi to look for prom stuff today!
Omg! Maybe i taking that mod also leh. U blur sia, SS mod can onlybid from rd 2a which is next tue onwards. Haha.
OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS I AM SO AWESOME TO CALL NOW btw you got lighter?
Oookay fuck them, they did it when I was doing dishes
Thanks!
Hmmm ok I meet u there lor.mrt.
When
between  <#>  to 4 ba.. meet for lunch?
Dun let you! Hahaha!
Got  <#>   <#>   <#>  k de
My pen?
Eh nvm ba... I go buangkok also go one round lol. U there already?
Dis is satya ra wr r u?
Oh then you going Cathay!?
Because tmr im unable to go down.
Huh... U lost ur fone meh... Ya, tt guy really look lk u lor, hairstyle everythg e same... Haha, but he taller...
LOL NO. his hair looks like one of the slam dunk guys he like haha,the profile picture on his fb is that slam dunk guy with longer hair!Yeah:P he likes me too (((((((((((((((((((((:
I already told know.
Send mail id for itemized bill. Is it for claim or just checking purpose
Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
Yes!
Hahas dun too hardcore la. After tis week my cardio will b imba le
Lol u say got time then dun go ok wat.haha.
I think she has a party or some sort today then she would film hercousins. Basically to get our idea of sustainability across which isto grow with more n more children loh. Haha.
Ahhhh she working lehh
Lovebirds let me know are we meeting at cityhall at  <#> pm today
Happy birthday!! May your dreams come true..
K...k..ac slepper ah?
Walao. She's so cool. Haha. Who knows right. Btw, u started working this wk?
Ps. Clementi now
always be happy
Lol shy.later he scold mi.
Tmr lesson at  <DECIMAL>  pm ok?
Wheres my droid
Sho
Ok...
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
Heee. Dar now I da bao back home. Porridge very hot. Hard to talk.Hee. Call u when I get home.
Run normally I do it at home after  <#> pm. Gym normally after 6pm, Ifind u one day lor.
Hahaha I see.
Ha. Sayang dumdum. Careful k. I love u too!!
YOUR WORD, O LORD, WILL LAST FOR EVER. IT IS ETERNAL IN HEAVEN. YOUR FAITHFULNESS ENDURES THROUGH ALL THE AGES. Psalm1 <TIME> , <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
Haha^^ yay! I'll buy you stuff! (: coming online!! (: I don't thinkso haha! she's prolly lazy today!
Coming? Should I come to your room?
Woooot.ur group the outsourcing de consultation over?where the place ah?lol.
Haha... Wah... Robinsons sale...
I can ask around but there's not a lot in terms of mids up here
Good.
sat.collegeboard.org
Sitting at home
Just reach office... Have a good day a work. Enjoy being out at the bus-stop!
Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
Jus finished avatar nigro
Ya I just forwarded his email .. will be nice if you can finish it...else he ll arichify
Hahaha ok ok thx.
Nenu raghava ni
assignment ka
Later lor. After 9. Why?
I done la. You out?
Hey..are you there?
Lololol epiccc Btw cca choosing how ah put infocomm ah
Haha... Of coz must bao yang.
dear ah.. u make me so happy today! hee. baobei reached where le?
Ok. So long nv see u le. U dun fly my kite ar.. how u wan to go?
Haha oh no don't catch a cold! haha well I think the time I sleepwill depend on how long I talk to you at night bah!:P yay haha whee!Yeah it was so fast x.x! Ooo how to see later! Lcs made me write onthe board for him the whole lesson, want to sleep cannot sleep):
Wat u doing there?
Around wad time u leaving and wad time u wan start?
Yeah but which is worse for i
OK.
Ok thks!
Will makw wndrful cofee for u....once u come home....say cheers and b happy
Hmmm now till evening would be fine. My address is blk  <#>serangoon north ave 4 # <#>
Where r e meeting tmr?
Ok then I slowly prepare. Haha. When u ok le message me, then I walk over.
My dad is sending me there. I wear polo t shirt and slipper.
Great, just let us know when you're here!
Da wat should i do ?
And if you send it with their day option I'll pay you back of course
Can meh? V hard to work I guess. Plus nid return to hostel
Naice. Wo you  <#>  words!
'
A
Haha which Daniel? I dun know what you are talking about!
Yes will do.  Thank you! :-)
Hi. am arriving at  <DECIMAL>  pm
Hey lets make it  <#> .
Lol alright.
No problem.... take ur time.... :) ill just go to vijitha yapa on the ground floor, pls give me a ring :) tx
T.T. I also lo overslept for the meeting T.T.... die die
Laogong I just gt on  <#> . U waiting at pioneer hot?:*:*
Yup per hour. Usually his lessons are  <DECIMAL>  or 2.
Hello radio
Gary*
Haha I tried to process but you once said women are professional at 口是心非.
(It's acid)
s ok..
Ok lah... I got to do my tut liao k...
Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant
I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
Yeah! I guess she forgot to give us):
Hey I will be reaching around  <DECIMAL>  my project just end sorry
Haha wow good thinking.
No la better to wait for you mah.
ve got 3 only... Eh, faster, got a lot of pple askin 4 e seats oredi...
Yea :)
zaitoon ka tail
Patrick stumps Stump's solo music isn't too bad
Not so early.
Hmmm dunno leh... I go ask ask them.bah get back to u again!
That seems unnecessarily affectionate
Safar Dosti Ka Chalta Rahe,Suraj Chahe Har Sham Dhalta Rahe,Kabhi Na Dhalegi Aapni Dosti Ki Shaam,Chahe Aasman Harpal Rang Badalta Rahe.
hmm I think I can make it. How long?
I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
No lah! Haha maybe meet up tmr or sth! Omg the half frozen ice creamtastes very good! Haha wow so fast O.O
Wun wan la.. She said they more lenient this time round..
Haha ohh icic! So random haha that's why I was kinda staring haha :xhaha the other prac in half an hour! Sian haha Chinese waste time~need to study chem haha!
Hahah.. So late?
Parvati is actually creating problem for mr shiva as he lost his job due to recession and she wants all luxories which he is not able toprovide due to unemployment at senior level.No hiring only firing
Dad wanted to talk about the apartment so I got a late start, omw now
Yup. U reaching. We order some durian pastry already. U come quick.
Bein a charm.Am chargin my fone now.Lolx.Will keep it full batt...If ur willing for session 2 tmr.Did u feel awkward w e guy u makin use of me against? :p
Lol yes it is! No need tag her eh. Just post on her wall. XD
Bh..
Hey rock climbing nid pay?
Ok. He's fine :-)
RAKHI SAWANT Train me TC:Ticket RS:Mera to Chehra hi Ticket hai. TC:Jurmana lagega RS:Q TC:Qki Tum 1st CLASS me baithi ho & Chehra 3rd CLASS ka hai.
:( ya loh.. vry sad... no more charmed,no more superman.. haiz.. done my part of proj liao, goin to watch tv now.. Hehe
Yes
Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
Yes dear tell
Got the card - thanks so much! Love you!
Ok done.
The  <#>  is my last day day
Yep
Mum ask which hotel ü staying at...
Yeah but we r getting 2 the age we want b able 2 remember we have it.K
Are you in castor? You need to see something
Hee ding ding i watching show now
Eh i tink i nt going 4 bash...But my frens going chiong...Wanna go? Eh r u all free dat dae? I was tinking of dinner...
Huh... Oh no... So gan ga lk tt... I din realize u didnt... Haha, lk tt time we went 4 check up...
s crazy...
Paiseh..
I call u now?
HAHAHA $2 will be enough. :D
dear u make me feel sp lucky to have u u know! get home safely ok! gorest n sleep early.
Wat u doing?
:P write a short paragraph on my lab report:P like whether it'sunderstandable etc haha coz we need to write it so that someone whodoesn't learn bio can understand!(: hahaha do both! Oops I fellasleep! Hahaha do then hand up tmr, see the rest of your class chiongcan laugh at them! Haha okay!(:
yup
He got msg u meh... My lect at 12 wat, of cos leave at tt time la...
In PGP?
No
K:)
Have fun in lab then!
Thank u andrew.. Very nice of u 2 hav come.. Who els came with u?
Ac cool
Erm... since when you gave me things? hehe. Your book I will return... 4 months later.. Hee
Sorry d <#> :)it start at  <DECIMAL>  only :)
No lah... But borburn coke is one o e more popular drinks lor... So is li en dancing?
Noooo. Why?????
Wow so early! Haha u meeting them at pasir ris right?
Hi jordan, w ur u? Lanz ere.26 wrk
Hahaha they're not ahlians what! I'm not ~~! Hahaha most likelycannot start until next year haha! Later explain to you!
How are you feeling now?
U tell him? I no have his number le
<#>  for 3:-)
Nadunisi made me angry yesterday
Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
Lol wrong reaction to the bed lor. oops i think i use wrong term Imeant that you were fierce and fragile
I feel alright! Ps fell asleep! Have you reached home?
K
Hi, may i know ur handphone number
We eat at toa payoh k...Meet at braddel station at 7...
Bull. Your plan was to go floating off to IKEA with me without a care in the world. So i have to live with your mess another day.
Yup, thanks!
Start at 3?
Jonny Soze to you: Recruitment Drive Good Evening Members As mentioned in previous messages JSC2 has decided to evolve into a fighting ...(reply n" for next)"
Hey, middle column. 3rd row from behind. I booked movie seats for u all.
m coming sch now...
Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
Oh. Okay. U try le huh?
m still in camp. U wun b sleepin early rite?
Do you know when the result.
Hey Monday wanna meet up?
Ah it's not raining eh.
She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
Even Muslims privately accept that.
Call me
Okay. Thanks.
Wow what the!!! I wanted to eat more but I was the last one stilleating so I paiseh!! Hahaha:P did you eat anyth else besides that!!XD
It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
Ya. 4h here le
it was 70c/pg so u owe me $6.40 in all:)
Haha okay. What should we do on saturday?
Haha wow so cute!!! LOL then did they believe you?? Omg he's so muchskinnier though! whoa scary!! What's wrong with the mum LOL. Rmb oneof the kids in my group got kicked at the sinda thing? Hahaha I thinkthe parents didn't really care!
Soooo
hehe.. dun like tat say leh.. i vry responsible one leh. Ü go and enjoy e show. cal me later k :)
He just said the words, not the short form! Yucks! Haha eat dinner!But it's raining now and I need to reach nus by  <#>  haha!
Okay mengyong's on.
Plz
U try se sending again. Aiya i add u lah, trevor what? Haha.
Lol then liddat come my house discuss lo lol... if eating lunch comeat 1 if not  <DECIMAL>
Hmm can Lik  <DECIMAL> ? I nid to collate into ppt slides
Ok
Okay! I GOT A PICHU BADGE TO REPLACE MY SC BADGE HAHAHA
Call u when i leave.
Not in school luhh
okie then.When r ü coming back?Have a safe trip!And buy some nice clothes or stuff back for us ah..!Hahå..!
Yup i know haha. Hmmm.
Hello Liang yi!! Happy birthday!! May everything turn out well for u.Enjoy ur meal! Haha
Meet 9 2moro at simei?
Nothing can express my happiness. Eh you need help me get my gradeshot. Can't disappoint them
Ah jpeg please.
Ya even u asked veena to teach u seriously
I can't, I'm sorry!
ve not enuff money...
Hey what time you free?
Wake up at 9+ mah. You wake up so early.. So what do you wanna do now?
Tom is dating with some girl. hehe
The thing keep postponing. We ended up watching movie. Did a lot ppl quit?
Hey reply am satya
LOL wts. Take care man!
yar ye derivation koun se page per ha
NO lol! Okay laaaaa
why r u so sad?
CHANCE THAT GOD GOT TO YOUR PRAYER SO FAST YOU MEANHahah
Hmm.. U come out from e entrance of circle line can?
how come u r back so fast ?
Where u now
Haha when?
Ya lo ya lo I super easy jealous one so from today onward u cannottok to anybody not even girl =p... must lock urself indoor haha...hmmmmmmmm dunno leh later search internet see got any recommendationlol
I'm ok.
Tuas u never tell me. Wed or thu is fine for me.
oh yeah
<#> $ kahin se jama kr . Wo b kafi hain. U wl earn around  <#> $ frm da thrd month. In da firt 2 months u wl redeem ur invstment
Never try alon 2 tak d weight of a tear dat comes out of ur heart &fals through ur eyes,Alwz rem'ber dis 隆diot is alwz here jst 4 u 2 share evrything at any tym
Tech svc
Call lg!if my yeiyi stillawake
Ok see ya tmr. Lets meet at the control station then.
Haha oh oh right. So not dubai or whatever anymore?
WHAT YOU WALKED PAST MY AWESOME EYE LOL COME BACK I MEET YOU AT THEBUGIS JUNCTION ENTRANCE
Hi, can i please get a  <#>  dollar loan from you. I.ll pay you back by mid february. Pls.
I am going to school tonight. Neh not forever. I am waching several shows daily.
sharis are u taking driving lessons at BBDC?
Should be this Saturday if mum allows.
Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold?
Okay what time?
My mom not so soon eh. You can get other players mah? Like xt or jeff?
han
Yeah I know. Tell me the useful points after you have read it. Ididnt even read the book.
Its okay we keep to the original timing at  <#> pm tml.
OHH IS IT HAHAHA HI RAGHAV! Omg so lame!!! Haha I just about to leavesch! Yeap!
Tonight mahjong  <#> pm
Hi roy. Tis is my num 93457612. Sms me at tis num k.
Hey hui... So which fac r u in?
Its raining.. Still got match?
m not sure... Cos i may not go 4 e rag day... Y leh...
Okie... No prob... Take ur time.... Thanx anyway...
Haha hopefully then! Your second year I'll be like slacking orsomething! Oh I might be able to take up part time at mfa! Haha whydid you continue hahaha!
I will create something interesting for us to tok abt ... Don worry ...
Wassup
Haha yeap okay! Going to bathe now! Where do you wanna go?
Today is module bidding day
Story of FRIENDSHIP Friend1: See, I got new mobile. Friend2: Wow! Great.. Give me a party at "Taj". Evening dey went to "Taj Palace Hotel". After Completing Dinner... Friend2: Hey! How did u manage money for dis kind of Hotel? Friend1; I sold my mobile:-)
WE ARE AT COFFEE SHOP OUTSIDE YOUR HOUSE.
Lol.
Okay... Eh. you can make it?
U got add me or not, i can c u leh.
Ok dearest darling muacks
K going down now.
Go swim la lols. Why u nvr follow ur family
<#>  lo hahaha
Izit... Den i muz go look ard liao...U interested to change jobs too... Haha, den can go look ard together...
I love u back!!
Ok me too, and ivan I think. Sms Pao and Eugene?
Yes yes I woke up only when I called you.. still waiting for bus
Chair hanze, vice chair votes too close zzz. I just left
Haha dunno leh! Why sad! Got a tall handsome prince from overseasHAHA. You can always visit! Yeah isn't that your preferred range! XD
glad u can make it!
So are you coming ~~
Okayy
Oh cool. I need his information, because my hard disk is not with me.So sorry.
Haha it's going to rain soon.
Okay boss! Jus worked out! Emo I alone in hostel now
Machan, Eric had started eating my head. Please finish
Rats. Hey did u ever vote for the next themes?
Okay thanks.
My dad is going to need help with carrying the bed so hurry home when you get off so u can help him.
Tell me what do you feel like doing?
te, kindly hide my wallet pls.. i left in the table earlier. pls.. pls..
I usually go west coast plaza eat. Got Thai Korean food. Notbad
Ok
We shld be e one saying thank you. This will be e most difficult taskfor e proj man. Haha. As in e cooking part as compared to report nstuff.
Eh jus meet at nite ba. I stay in hostel in morning
Ah ok. Wed then, unless last min got something. Gd9 man.
Haha yeah my family damn pissed with my bro now coz he refuse tostudy damn retarded lah._. Haha yeah I did guess as much! Hahaha omnom nom nom! Haiyo never eat dinner!
Ok. Careful dar. Love u so very much
1 min
Ok (:
Mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-P
Thks DADDY
Haven't left yet so probably gonna be here til dinner
Haha... no of coz not, stupid to go alone
Their name. They got student pass ald?
Yo im leo here.
Hey weining is there a 2nd slot for the cip 2moro?
Lol :-). But that sms rhyme 'll be even betta janu .. Lol :-).
Fedility information service :)FIS :-)
Yeah
Hee. Then has my fluttering baobei eaten?
I going on time! Lols nid to sleep 1st la
I have to do atuff til kinda late (8ish) but ruby's coming over ifyou want to! =D =D =D =D c.f.
Morning Shehan.. Regret to inform you that Megan and I will not be attending classes today on account of a church program. Sorry. Will see you at next practice. Be Safe in the Lord! Heb <TIME>
Hahaha yea that's why I slept earlier yesterday!
<#> th january friday poya at 5pm. Community centre st lawrenc's church wellawatte
It screwed up. There's error
No. I meant the calculation is the same. That  <#> units at  <#> . This school is really expensive. Have you started practicing your accent. Because its important. And have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
Daddy, at library there.
Ok
ll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
Okay Mr lee
W r u?
u sure ? dont regret horz
Ok
Too much swagger!
Ohh crap i'm supposed to be in sch!!! Its pool! Hahaha i'm noob,can't be as fit as you!!
I just ended,u wan me go sci lib find u?
Hahaha
control
Cdr and vdr which used in series and parallel
<#>  reach. Kiss u
Wow my parents came in one min aft me! They went to shop downstairs!
Haha.. Yeap..
Oh okay. So when do u all want to continue?
any nice show ?
Coming now?
Yea no problem.
Dear Aarti Kumari your PCP Classes will be held from  <#> -Sep- <#>Time  <TIME>  a.m. at Daulat Ram College, University of Delhi.
Hey... U called me izit... Was sleepin juz now. I downloaded e file oredi, so how, u wan me to print 4 u?
Wah your mom got cook my share? XD
<
Haha I found a half an hour + 2 hour de psycho study finish that Ifinish le lol... Wahahahah I rmb everything about u one ok =p touchietouchie? Kk! U better to choose ur last 2 quick if not no more slotlol
And you'll be in as much a great as him to =P
Hey hey you available throughout the camp?
Wru
"My help comes from the LORD, the Maker of heaven and earth. He will not let your foot slip- he who watches over you will not slumber;" (Psalms  <#> : <#> ).
Haha home! Give me  <#> mins, then I leave my house go find you! Sorry!
My lessons end at ~ <#> h tomorrow then I'll be camping in the room so just gather the rest
Kuch to pata kero
yoz good morning hehehe
Aiya i go fetch u lar u so ma fan...
Nt true. Nerds dnt knw the technology
Here's. How to when I miss u so much?muacks.u enjoy ur dinner also ok
Aiya.dar take your time.. I go sleep first. Mug mug
Haha. Reaching le. Muuuacks
Haha what the!!! You so cute!! But answer damn fast leh!! Haha I dunknow my eco CA! Hopefully okay ah, other ppl did better!
ok
Girl: how much do you love me ?Boy: mera dil mobile hai or tum uski sim.Girl: god me kitni lucky huboy: thank god usse nahi pata ki mobile dual sim ka hai.
Oh shit I Overslept! Will be half an hour late u all start first sorry...
daddy later u can fetch me at admiralty?  <DECIMAL> pm
Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
Wat the! Weds when gym
Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
Eh..so I meet u abt 3 plus after the ceremony then take pictures?
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Kannaa.....laddu thina aasaiya:):)
Hey! I'm at the soquel high pancake breakfast
Burgers, nuggets, mcwings
Btw, I looked at the content page, seems useful lah. Haha.
Tonight? Yeah, I'd be down for that
ICEMAN Hi! you sape nama? boleh kite chat?
m goin orchard now.but gota go home for dinner.but can pei ü eat.hee-
Hmmm... On mon can... Cos my other fren oso comin to my hse on mon... Gee...
No da. I am happy that we sit together na
Nah mus have responsible. No la can't pangseh Eman
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
Hahaha coz my phone is working and i'm lazing around the house!!House is funny btw hahaha! I saw it on starworld! And terra nova lookscool!
I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
Got arp
Alright cool! I'm on Megabus blue so I'll see if I can get them
Haha. The first part i dont know. But i go see hw to get computation time.
>///< haha nights!!<3
But I want pizza
Nvm ah sick tgt (: it has to get worse before it gets better! Sleep sleep!
I will treasure every moment we spend together...
I thick its fair pick.
Yup... Tmr meet 12 at bishan mrt...
I'LL STALK YOU IF YOU DO MY CHINESE HOMEWORK
I wish I could kiss it better
Why u always msg so late 1 hehe.How abt lunch tm?
How come i din c ü... Yup i cut my hair...
Nah need to walk over
Orr... Now i understand... Eh ü ask him can... My fingers tired liao... Then i ask him a lot qn liao... Later he thk i very fan...
Haha no no I want to play with you, dun really wanna play with therest haha, coz they like to grind one! Haha talk to him for fun! Emofor what!?
Shweta is here.. on phone..we come lunch?
Haha do i look good? Ü
Ask
Hahahaaa tmr im free from 3 to 6 eh. Then I need to come back for astro.
No not so early.
Pls do cal me wn u get back my comp s out and vince cant find out de eror and my fin. Project s due on tue. I hvnt done much
Lols I can't go ps
Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
Ok hehe send to abbie's email can?  <EMAIL> !
Happy Birthday. Wish a long life for you and a smooth journey in your success.
Reached le
Night night sweety. I go slp le. Kisses.:-*
On my way to office. i in bus was hot. I think that you must very very hot. finish filming come to my places toilet ok? hee-hee bye lor?..u
I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
Sorry... Cant make it...
Np np (: I think if you can, just come lah! I dun think ms van canand will pay for them if they come anyway:P
K..nandini not at school..
Before project, buffet? But now got 3 ppl, need even number.  <#>  to <#> . Maybe can ask kongtat? U got access to internet?
Are u able 2 login to ivle now? I tried many times but still cannot..
DO U WANT 2 MEET UP 2MORRO
<#>  at yishun can ? Hee. I meet u in cck. Ding ding.
Are you still in school? Gra some reciepts from me + see the college robotics room lololol
yo hows life recently? wishing you an early merry x mas!
Waa shitz. K thks
LOL WHAT I PAID FOR THIS RIDE ANYWAY LOL SO I SHOULD GET TO SIT HERE.HAH. LOL WHAT THE FINE NO BURGER DRESS THEN. I WILL DRESS YOUR DEADBODY IN A FLOWERY SHIRT. LOL.
Pass to me one at pool slot please and thanks! Sorry haha I lost it ><
But I need to be able to log in first then can google the website right..
fourth edition ke solution hain..mere khyal main fourth main acceleration constant ka question tha
K. Wot hpnd.
Den i come ard 530.
Heythank you again for last night!!
s bdae yeah?nitez!
Hahaha I thought expo lol
m at expo with steph shopping now hee
m only halfway thru my lesson... Still long to gettin my licence...Thk my skills still can do la...
Yeiyei!!!! U sloping le ma?
Tmr... Hmmm... Free after 630...
s 3214?
Hey.. Do you have that reference (online one) Dr. Chan is using.. I tired accessing the link, but its broken.. :)
Now u sound like manky scouse boy steve,like! I is travelling on da bus home.wot has u inmind 4 recreation dis eve?
Eh wan go swim later?
ll go shop w u tmr... I wan go far east buy bottom...
Will call u soon
How are you da:)
I come look for u all first. My frens not here yet.
Hey Joel won't be going for the games later cos there's chem test Tmr.
ya'll just having fun
Helpp
Okay I'll probably be there at 5
Life is okay la haha thoh now abit bored in nus archi ü leh?
I DON'T
He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
How can u compare a mere laptop to my dear angel~~~ lol actually nvmlah anywhere also can ni xi huan jiu ke yi
Hi, how's everyone and how are your kids??
What's good.
Haha yup it's alright thanks!! Yups I've watched it already! Hahahahe's super awesome!!
We're finally ready fyi
make that 3! 4 fucks sake?!
The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Maat" which means; "the king is dead.." Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:)
S..s...
ll bao more than 4
Ledu and whr ru?
West coast market. Where sj go
So u sure wan go hk lar? When is ur flight?
Hahaha ohh I meant ask her later! All kinds of random ones! Omg mymum want jio my bro clean his room on one day then he said "cannot,i'm busy downloading my little pony episodes"
Thurs got anything meh
Will be at Ah Soon tonight. Want to come?
Dear.... hugs and kisses for you!!
Aaannnnd <name>'s in here. Weird
why ?
Ya lo! Go see his vid one day with handstand he pee with handstandsiaz. Last time he break dance one
m walking home oredi... Ü so late then reply... I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... Where r ü now?
And love you too =)
Ya.. but her ppt nicer.
Hey the land training is  <#>  am, so meet  <#>  at kallang mrt can?Dun be too late ah.bring shoes, slippers, change and a big waterbottle. And fees for oct
Wah. No lect ah? Then you call me k? I am free from 12 to 2pm.
Need to dig for it. Will send you by tonight. Bug me if you don't getit by 6 pm. Thanks!
Got it.. What instruments to bring?
Next week ocs yes
we'll b there in 5 min.chck ur txt
Yeah not that okay I guess. Not your usual self. Oh well just slightly concerned.
Hi.2da 1st frida.pls cme 4 mas. Pls tl rajiv also
4 girls. They stop v far away. Only we go near see the sign lols. Nxttime we go together
Hee.. Chou baobei ur wifely sends u a reminder that u're supermissed! Mugmug da ding ding:-*  must show me ur happy face!
Hmm.. Becoz i don't know which part of e video u want to show thequote leh. Haha.
Post!
Ok. No prob :-)
No from thursday
tml eat lunch together? arts canteen? ard 1230 can?
Sian. I'm coming from woodlands. Then I go her house myself ba. Letme know when u reach her house
Hey cal... I nd my stats notes back leh... U still nd den u zap a copy first lor...When u free ah?
yar mobile ki assignment chap 3 le ana
Darn I have school during that period. Must it be that week?
Come tell me wat happened
i will talk to you at evening after coming from work
Haha ask her put in fridge tml.I go eat =x.... haha ok wat u exercisefor supper! Haha... Kk looking forward for tml.de ba Wang!
9 plus  <#> th plus
Lol cannot meh! I always borrow stuff from sophie! Haha I can't findhim!! I'm at the hall le, omg michael sang to katrina!!! Hahaha itsvery random ~ Fred playing guitar very cool-ly!
HI DARLIN HOW WAS WORK DID U GET INTO TROUBLE? IJUST TALKED TO YOUR MUM ALL MORNING! I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT IM GOIN OUT SOON BUT CALL ME IF U CAN
Aha kudaradu shut
OK
Can come fetch me liao.
m going to be a bit late..
Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
OK i bank in now
This is why  <#>  didn't happen
it is the pain that reminds you what is truly precious. in sadness, we find our humanity...
I Wish you and your loved ones a happy and prosperous new year. May your hopes be successful. Oshadi.
sure
Lol that's different. I don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
Nope....you outside?
Eh I tink will rain....
Understood~
Got la! Hehe confirm can...
XP
kk, thanks lots! :)
Going with family, for Chinese new year :)
True. Its easier with her here.
mum say she hungry.. u buy supper back for her..
Staying tonight?
Oops yeap passed! I went for convocation!!
Icic. It's okay. Aiya must be the soc mods which pull u down is it?Hmm.. I think is  <DECIMAL>  and above. Can de lah, year 1 istougher.
am ok, yes she has really grown as she ll b four months tmoro so hw is bby? i hope u ve not married her out wout informing me
Da iringunnno to complex or sitting within the family complex.
Haha should have lah... the comms... they promoting in the canteen Hey you want to join sports club as sub comm member?
Ok. Jyst nice
NEDD U BABY
<#>   <#>
LOL!!! Not leaving yet!!! (:
Woah!! :D :D my ticket is safe right?
Lol about 6 plus bah.
How are you?
Wah today rainin cats n dogs u wan me go running? 2 days ago run 10 k liao... Heheh but fire burn out. Wat time u flyin?
Do we haaave to?
Eating now?
Bout same as holiday
Then you playing mah?
Lol I know! Hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. I love it!
La
s at my house now... He neva prompt me ok... I v zi dong one ok...
Playing cricket
Taking off soon... love ya!
Ok...
No.. I felt very bad :'( .. Sorry again.. Good night.. :)
Why lah?
cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
Ok np
I was talking about my abs la! what thinking you? Hehe I'm almosthome yay! I think u must have finished bathing liao right!
Eh.. family thing till dunno was time in afternoon.
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT & HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
Haha no no i'm still at home! Haha its a compromise):
Dar I meet u at 6?
Haha maybe! Haha is it>< no wait before that you should do your cuigirl thing! Ask Josephine go your house! Wahaha! Haha haha okay>< yeahit is): morning:P
No da..today also i forgot..
We wil reachin  <#>  mins. Im so sorry.
HAHA nvm eh they wil change a new one for you
hey edmund, just wanted to clarify with u, which module u doing forthe assumptions and use case?
K :)
Oh ok sure. I'll still be in school though. I normally eat dinner earlier la.
People may call it Attitude,But I call it Reality:CARE 4 only those peoplewho DESERVE itBcoz We are NOt Jokersto Entertain Everybody.
Someone needs to go to the new place
Waa nice. How did it felt? Wanna train agn?
All the worksheets she gave lor! haha me too! OMG WHAT THE LOL. somany!!! I only watched one on Friday!!!!
Why so kaobei
Yup!
I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh... Booked liao... Which other day u free?
I asked lecturer already. extra 10 person is ok
Oh... Okie lor... I dunno how to go there so i meet u somewhere first...
Nope dad not so early.
Thanks
Then how?
Hehe aisa kuch nai he me ladkiyo se ph0ne pe bt nai krta kbi:-D.. Apna alag andaaz he jiB-)..
Orange is diclofenac
How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
What's mbs? Vamp.diaries fan I see.
No need sorry. Got lesson must go. Haha. Florency lian chun min!
CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IM IN TOWN.DONT MATTER IF UR GOIN OUT L8R,JUST REALLY NEED 2DO CD.PLEASE DONT PLEASE DONT IGNORE MY CALLS,U NO THE CD IS V.IMPORTANT TO ME 4 2MORO
Ya cya am at biz Canteen
Im gettng mad... Dis koppilutthe uncl z watching sm idiotic serials... Im realy screwd up...
Haha remind me to take your paper at 9pm.
Haha nono I dun have anyone to eat with! Chinese is boring ~
Yea okay thks a lot
Hahas set!
Later meet where?
koi rolla na par jae
Lol so fast, i just board  <#> onli... C u later
Could Chou! Nv ans my call. I reach home le
No yet leh. Later go office den see whether my mum got pack for me? Den enjoy ur buffet lah..
ll b goin casual lor... U muz b v happy today, finally got ur license liao... So good....
Haha but I don't completely understand the passages! Must mug chengyubook hehe. I understand this song!!!!! My dad explain to me a lot oftimes before! Haha weird? How? He so nice, ask you do your work andsleep early! Haha what all started then?
u nvr go to COMEX?
YES!
David knows about the discussiib
Ya
Ok
Hee. No need de. Sayang me ok le. Im so proud to have u as my bblp.
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
Haha... Thgt of goin tmr, thk will b as crowded too... So ur din buy anything ah...
Till  <#> . Then half hour break then choir and 2nd msg...
han
Okay.
Did u got that persons story
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
i coming from scirncr centre. what u al want to eat?
hee.just abt to msg u..我到家了！！ love my boy. take a good rest n drink!
Kk tell me
Ha. Ok sweety. I open heart. Nd think of u.
Poke! Long time no talk! did u manage to recover data from ur broken laptop?
Yeah lo. For the sake of us please?
Ok will be going
Go see your downloads or gallery should have.
I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
Lol i have nothing to shop.
Alot of stuff! And hopefully the thing wenhui wants. still dun getwhy she didn't buy that day.
Tell me when eating!
Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
Start
Always don't depend on my thoughts, sometimes use ur brain also... Have a nice day.gud day ahd...tc ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
An idea can change ur life..BUT..A girl can change ur idea.So..Alwayz change ur girlfrnd to get new ideas.Wah wahWhat an idea sir g!... ;-)
Np!
Seriously v dangerous le. Up to u la jus be careful
<#>
Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
OK sure.. 8pm at Clementi
JJ, got TV card to record program?
Y? I cant talk later
Yeah that's fine.
Eh u when come back. Joel yh not coming 2day zzz
Thanks! Whoa haha I still have homework due tmr!
Mon volleyball at sentosa?
Can we meet at 11.45 instead? Coz i haf something on at arts..
<#>   <#>
Way boss. Chiobu also dun wan see. Haha at SIM now
Haha.. Oops... I just told her u stay in hall one...
No,no sarcasm.
Lol so fast? Your class started like barely 1hr only.
Hokay! We reaching soon. Now at centrepoint.
Ohhh
Sembawang
Good morning. Now only got my train. Vehicle available at 7. Load everything with nalaka n sedar. Udaka hv dr.yamaya s printouts. Pls collect that.
Laogong laogong laogong. I am so happy when I:m wife u!
Ok sure!
I'm on my way to nyc now anyway. Lol.
K.:)k:)thanks.
hey how are you
Wtf den can work?
Lol kope first eh. XD
Haha.. Nothing, rest at home cuz wasn't feeling too well..
lol.. gd night.
wat u doin now?
Cos yest do until fell asleep...
But the offer end tml sia... u arga noe ur passport expiry date andissue date mah...
K
Haha what the heck! I was looking for some restaurant in seascape onthe internet last night... I'll go there today! I'm filling outapplications at verve :)
Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
Where u
Ahh then I leave in  <#>  mins? I don't know how long our takes!
Nope I'll be overseas sorry! (:
Yeah same...
nope .. save the reading for tml ..
I realize our jazz instructor is a dancer frm channel 8... Thk i saw her dancin bside jolin tsai... Wooh...
T.T woohoo i'm going home!!!
Aiyah one went out, one went aust.. Left me in e end, Haha.. Sorry ah, next time lor..
How about your task now
Want cooker d
K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else
I have printed it oh. So  <#>  come upstairs
Hmm..if you tale only  <#>  can grad in time?
Post!
K ty
Haha but u r the best le so must maintain =p... wa so qiao my mum smsme ask u go my granny house eat next Friday my cousin birthday got haoliao! Haha ya lo I tink a lot pple also die lol... Marcus like veryjia liat lo the other paper a lot wrong lol
Its somethin like bysi or mphosis rite? Ok mayb if i put it this way...R u on e fone?
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
Hah im online leh. I saw the guy's picture lol.
I left my keys in e car. Later help me bring home.
Okie Ü .. I dunno yet, maybe next week..
Then nvm la. I think you just go home lo. Next time I bring do it.
Haha. Same as.today bah. Lter i call u lo. Esting macaroni now andthinking of u
Hey weiyi... Tmr meet u at 11? At arts?
what an enjoyable comedy show in cant stop laughing:-D
u leg sprain still walk ard ar.. how is zr nwadays
Slept ?
P.N.R
Yeah excited! Whachudoin?
Vaioooooo
Haha we're not chatting! Sophie playing dragon nest and hilda packing!
How are you
xuan can help me buy eggs and orange juice?
Ya... Eng exam on e 14 lor... But eng dun really have to prepare lor... I wan to get earlier date but so fast no more slots, so horrible...
Thought i msg u. Cancel lor.
Kk see ya =)
Not sure if you can go places not over night but we're going to themovies Friday and game of thrones Sunday... if you can't no big dealat all ^^
I also outside. If I at home I also wont ask ppl out for supper. Lateis how late?
I don't want to go baking to!!
Haha 你要下来吗?
Er mw im filled tuth is aight
Can one of you please please call the bug people? I'm in class andwork all day and usually am  <#>
<#> k.
T oday bread butter jam d
Pls b thr at church at  <DECIMAL>  or at remos house at 5pm at lily avenue
I reach already. Call me when u reach.
Bingjie LOL. ohh okay then I'll tell ryan not to come!:D
Haha you are really so free ah! Sad I didn't bring the sweets haha!Idm:P haha dun think he will know la. But now woodlands le! Nope wedidn't go there in the end!
Okay got it... anyway it's already set up for testing. Keep in touch
Dearie bblp, happy ani! Hee. Nite nite with many kisses
Yes. nw roamimg around with 2 of them
Those who din do e survey still nd to print not...
Yun e exhibit see on wed can?wif me mom.siqi wee tin. Shu zhen.
As in did you talk to them haha! Yeah my bro is here! Haha ooo nice!So just pack to send? Dun understand why dun need to carry it ifyou're packing it though! Haha nice! Go home and rest well! (:
LOL yes I already excluded chinese!
So how
I'm at the food court.
Most prob she sleeping lah. I think i will reach around 5.
Transfusion, huh?
Sure but since my parents will be working on Tuesday I don't really need a cover story
Haha. Ya got to agree tt lupin is a nice song. Btw, how many sms u have ar?
Hey... are you going to quit soon? Xuhui and i working till end of the month
Sweta bechari ka ek v prnt nahi nikla,mai uski hlp krta hun-hunhh..rehna uske sth
<name>, so ur school start today?
Haha yeah just reached Chinese!  Got  <#> / <#>  haha sad face! Ooookay!! Shall play tonight!!! Chinese until 4 haha._.
It's okay ohh no I just got all your replies! Abbie is not stayingthough! I dunno whether I wanna stay!
Okay wat time
Nvm la got CA to pull up
what do u wear?
Y de asking like this.
call now
Thks!
Nope need to return ppl booties ):
Going for smo and sat?
That's why I asked if you want to accompany me to NUH mah..
KBCQ C
You can come over with cally :D
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <#> th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Nope, why t show nice mah? But i got c e ending today. Yest how many photo we took on ur camera?
Ok. You want me to add hot water already?
Wtf they nvr call u up?
But add in model is it weird? Haha. Shld we remove the model fromaccountmodel instead?
Hey i help ü book liao. Friday 11th 1245 dont forget ah
wif me.Still make fun of me...Dun talk to u liao.
No problem. Talk to you later
Interchange near breadtalk
Anything .. But i can only meet u all till 9 plus only ..
LOL TOO BAD HAHAHA
Yeah xP debit will be here in  <#> , the other guy rushed my creditfor  <#>  which is fine =D
I reach taka le.. where u all? Heh
Yes.
hee. baobei laogong i reach home le! we are two lucky pple , alwayssayanging each other. hee. myacks!
Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
Aight.. I'm leaving tang in a sec so sounds good
wfnu9p4q
Call when free.. have interesting proposal
Dar dar ... go sleep go sleep. Hee
Aiya!! Dear dear sleep so late yesterday!I want to Bao-bao u also!!Hugs u tighter
Ej I wrote you, I'm sorry I'm about to go to sleep, I want to wake up earlier
Donno ..
2r sms asche-'nothng 2 display'.what does dat mean?
Userid?
Yep. So what u doin?
We probably should, huh?
m goin home now.. not goin back w u..
Mummy I'm not eating lunch and dinner
do u have white tube, i need it for video shooting
He's waiting for us at home!
Haha lazy is correct mah dweh ji mah =p... lol gout clash meh u gofor test still can go kbox arh lol... Tue no school so good sob sobsob... although for the past 2 Tue I also never go =x.... eh go ivlegot a document to download inside got the address... or if u xian mafan wait 5 min come online I bath finish paste u the address I have itin my fav
dun noe lah. cant b bothered by his nonsense
Pictures copied to usb
Inole match
Just 1 will do actually
Haha.. u sloping early today rite
Sophie going, she not going on fri! Haha I dun knowwwwwwww I dunno ifI wanna go fri either): haha oh he haven't return my money! Help meask him pass to Sophie can? Haha I just don't feel like going for ccacoz its so near exam time):
<#>  th mari tcs lo join authava
Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
Your favorite actor....XP
I thot dec? We r having exams in 2 weeks time so its not soconvenient. Seriously, organising any  <#>  gathering is horrible. Letjason come back and do it.
When you going Paaritosh house
nope are u going ?
Yup I received already. Thanks.
I dont know eh
The lawry is buffet rite?...eat steak one ar?...
Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
Mtg at 4.30pm on sat. Please reply to indicate whether you can make it.
Hey!
t there? Tell them no cab space! ?
I dnt knw. . Monday ko jana hai confrm kr k btana
Paint hostel for wat... So tonite no nd me to company u rite...
Ahahha 6pm? 我老母叫你和她一起大搭cab.
Buff guy can't bully lol! BTW 2moro train and? I no abs siaz...
How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
s my dear?
Alright, see you in a bit
t worry abt me. Have a productive day my dear. ? love you ?
im going to sleep now .. bye !
Should I starve till the meeting finish then we go eat? Lol
dear give u kisses later. hugs
I dun mind. You din feel very well must need to rest. good nite
Ya redoing lo. U can choose frm faith healing and tool of communication/power
Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
Hi Sis, I've sent you the new wet kitchen layout according to ourdiscussion yesterday night to your yahoo account.  Thanks for you andyour company's help again!
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
did you had your dinner?
You still around? I could use a half-8th
i google it, looks delicious! was everything going well yesterday?
That's true
Hey, I sent you the book.. Just check it :)
Yeap haha! Omg I just reached home!
WHAT I DON'T BELIEVE THEM!
Hahaha btw you joining us later? 1pm at nyp.
Thanks!!!!
no motivation liao ... fall asleep at my desk jus now ...
Hey dip code da
Haha I know la :-P
P
I don't have a write up, I can help with the writeup.
You're the atheist equivalent of the Christian who screams thatyou'll go to hell if you read Harry Potter
With me
Thats nice
U coming 2 pick me?
Got cb lim chong shen class lunch. Mayb  <DECIMAL> ?
Unlikely. As usual just me and eugene, if anyone can join then fine,if not we'll still go anyway.
Thanks a lot! :)
fantasia is absolutely awesome! And the judges are very well chosen, n balanced out.
Haha 3pm at cally house?
One senioq akka
Hi how are you
O.o y north side lol.sounds far.
Yea no prob. Btw my comp short circuit, Tues can bring ur comp? Ps
I didnt reply her..
Lol okay
Sorry, i made a mistake, EF-2000 is typhoon.
Mine also haha! I walk to the dining table and back to my room a few times!
Ok.
Hi.
I made it home babe
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
Ahh):):): fine fine!!!!! Please be late ~.I want koi~
u free on sat? go bugis?
Yep on  <#>  le
Thanks love lol
Lols nvm la I bring for you
ll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ü r done.
Muahahaha im off class le!
Nokia sucks
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
Up 2 u, if u wan 2 look around then i wait 4 u but try not 2 late.
Dear. Stop is right in front of traffic light
erm...ok, then nmind. we go to BK then.
m havin dinner now...Later den i go k...
Where is walla walls?
Popular?
Lol there's really a gay.com?
Gg Wksht 2c where got ester
I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
Haha ohh right I will know on Monday right! Haha emo if I don't gethaha! Go sch for Nobel mtg haha!
Where u park ur car?
Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
Yes. I did. Thanks.
Haha what the but it looks so suspicious!!!! Oh cool! Airconclassroom again ._. Mine was 4th floor for 3 years then 5th floor, nowsecond haha! LOL. for you right. I watch when I'm not sleeping inphysics! Heehee! Oh icic nus there? Haha can give you if you want!It's no prob! But I can't pass you now coz I'm ponning cca, dun wantto be seen near there hehe. :x
First answer my question.
(Y) (Y)
I mean I don't have stockings, should I wear?
Wah! Means high possibility you will be lost eh.
Do d profs send the summary? In my other courses dey r nt sendng
I need the receipt book. I've already let shah know actually. Thanks.
Thanks.
m going off to sleep now. Goodnight to ya :)
u reach home  le?
Hey ü have to take qet? I have to leh.
1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
K mam told she vil giv d record at 1
Payment bank acount mai ati hai alertpay k thru
Haha her face is a little awkward. But that would look so good on youtoo :) I like the design on the shoulder
Dear dear sayang u. Yesterday I really Concussed..till abt  <DECIMAL>am Hugsss u tight tight!love my yei yei baby
uuuu. got someyhing else change.. my eyes ! sobz
XP
Yo i haven book the tics yet. Ron and gf will be coming too. U thk cineleisure will be better?
Capgemini interview download app  <URL>  send to  <EMAIL>
Just taste fish curry :-P
Eh boy.. Tonight playing?
Hahaha YES IT WAS AWESOME. Year 1 everyday eat western or jap one,then drink coffee or vanilla coke! Hahaha I skip sometimes when I dunfeel like eating! Haha yea now got one prac later chem hons alsoprac!
I don't know whether its convenient but ok. Can you contact my nextdoor neighbor mr wee directly? Will you be going down with themtoday?
Ehhh I don't join camp for girls leh... also how do you know I likesweet innocent girls?
Zombie killing game. Going home?
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Good night =p
Sure, can pass u keys tonight.  Is that ok?  Thanks! :-)  :-)
Oh jeez lol
Truman here. Do u have my assignment?
Exam tough ah?
Lol? Thought you still having class?
I thk u can, juz get e add from ur frens first lor... Haha, i did a lot of shoppin. Felt quite bad, cos aust shop a lot oredi...
m doing my tut, wat r u doing?
Dun know!
kis main se
Hahaha i'm still lazing on my bed :D the shiroi koibito is so good ~~~
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Sembawang.. abt 8 more mins to marsiling
Wish u a very merry x'mas !!!
Dar sleep le?
Tym par ajana n lucky bhaiya ko b0l diya?
Mid way thru malakayattam.really out but walked without stopping till half way...areee thooopppikkana....?so i sat now.
Lmao I mean ketone!!
That's great!!! Thanks man! :-)
Dont know
Eh the guards diff le. U wan cone hostel gym?
Ok
Haha really what y'all doing there! So qiao!
Hi Yeng Chin, sure I will try to do so.  Also, can you sms your ICnumber to me?  Just for record keeping.  Will try to let you know bytwo weeks time.
He won't tank la. He will aggro rite
Hi gdate..U m or f? Wat ya age?
Okay. I'll wait then.
Haha you should be punctual more! Haha sophie always like to findshortcut ways, then keep asking teacher here and there, about cheapode feeling,I get abit annoyed sometimes, so I dun really wanna go withher haha:/
Oh thursday class until  <#> am. So shouldnt be of problem.
yul,where are you,i'll be there in  <#>  minute...
Same to u...
ll end up goin home le.inhall nw èn tinkin of typin report.haha-hmm,tink i dun go 4dinner but i treat ü for e exhibit la-ü oso owis treat me mah.k
Dumb joke..
Mr.darcy was here on January <#> th! It's too late now :'(
Pass me i'll be at a <#>
Really!? Is that enough??
She hasn't but ok! Then it's either high tea or sun lunch I guess
I don't exactly have the motors to test with but i think i want to rush the mega shield + new motor breakout first
Oh thank u..
Hey when can send me
Haha. It's okay lah!
Reached home le!! Mug mug. Laogong u really very wonderful leh! Tmr IMuz hug u more!
Oh im not including shirts in the budget. Tt say we settling that on our own.
Phenol or cyclohexanol more ability? Why
Np!
Uploading
ll buy the e present first den lunch at marche!! see ya!
Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
s up already ah? Haha
Hmmm.me too
Wait? You? Or Mark?
SORRY HAHA SORRY I HOPE YOU'RE STILL EATING
tera kasa hoa?
Ok! Just on the way to jp now. Muggggs. Go eat more k.:-)
Ps 4got. Going with yuanwei, tts why outside gym
Coming back le
Eh? How come. Haha tot u dun wan sat.yday nv go rite.hahahaha.
Haha hmm do you want it? If you want then I pass back to you!
U want green chilli anot?
not sure
Haha it's instant noodle soup! Please eat sth when you go home! Hahacool ^^ yup tmr onwards ganbarimasu!! Haha yeah I guess so! But Ididn't tell them ah! Haha (:
And very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
Lols arp
I see bout it! Probably can! :D
I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
hw to get intermediate monster crystal 3?
you wan the black one or white one?
s okay... I hope i dont miss your bus stop.
No.. Its fixd...
No. I'm in chennai:)
Lols 1 small dog nia. But very scary siaz got  take vid
What the you should have just gone! Haha she's more active le! Butstill just sitting ard the house!
s my dear? I am leaving the ofc soon.
Waa okayy
Err not that I know of ps!
I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
ok.. bt abt 8 then will reach hm.
Hi,we need to conduct the survey together. Pls chk ur email
Gandhipuram
Hahaha!! Skype Skype:D yay I just downloaded alot of games on my phone!
Baby, how r u?
What doing.
Class ku varaya
Just arrived.
Cause I scared i drop the wrong box. Got 4 box at the place where wedrop the letter last time. Then only one is for financial aid.
Cal me no bal
Practically no change; it's all good
Yo!! Sorry I didn't reply for so long! I was in Japan:P yeap have butI dun really log onto it!
Haha I dun know): hopefully I get better by then! Hahaha let's go runtogether haha! Ooo sounds super cute heehee! but how to be smart andblur?! Hahaha yes it is funny coz you usually dun want to sing!!!Hahaha yeap just reached! I'm eating zha yu pian tang with rice! (:yeah but hmm idk! I dun really dream of stuff that didn't happen haha!Haha go train! (:
Do you know qiuxuan's?
Can can?
Haha oh my I skipped dinner and just woke up!
Yupp! :)
Pra 4 the wed 2day at  <DECIMAL> .
Every girl may not be a queen to their lover,,, but are always a Princess to their father........ Happy world Daughter's Day!!! Tc cumiiii hv a l0vly day..
Any news about the painter? I understand from Alicia that your roofguy will come tomorrow to check the polycarbonate roof.
Slap LOL.
Could you send your moms nr. pls?
Thks alot! Will try my best
Woo okay. Then jiu spam more bah! Lol
Okay thks
EMO!!!
No as in to bring there! All of mine not nice:P
Hahahhaa I told you!
Write "rocketeer beemp3" in google and open the first link
Very crowded, hard to use phone.
Oh cham.tat time I see is can edit.just haven't replace nia.
ll have to miss tis lesson...
Haiz. Don't say the proj presentation liao. The grade cfm damn cui.Chunmin, i tell u leh, next time your 8mc really must find good groupmembers loh.
I knw it.. I dnt doubt u.. Bt her words r piercng my heart...
where is your document
Lols no prob! Awesome rite now got imaginary Chiobu le
It's super unique! Haha I'm just IPA-ing the whole song
Lol jeff need to book in tonight.
Haha.....ok...thanx...
Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, <#> .
Nah not true. Hahas guess I go there to see pro ba
So what did the bank say about the money?
Wtf the people over me are banging on the floor when I make anynoise.... at 2pm
Haha sucker
Awww that sounds bad. Take care and good night! dang ran xiang ni la lol
Say wan u go home for e learning la. Tts all
No.. not all leg. Didn't get legal aspectts and another one.forgot which.
And busses and no where in sight.and Chan had  <#> / <#>  also haha.
Ahhhh
Flying kiss!
You in room?
Jhogra jhati kore khub hpy na??ekn r aste hbe na..
Sorry took your  <#>  just now. Lost mahjong, mom owe you  <#> , Iowe you  <#> . Anyway wake mum out before you go out.
Giv me a cal wen u gt free tim... I jst rchd hom....
Are there any seat in chinese library
Or I can get Nasi for Wahni
Arent you coming along too.. Yeah gotta go home tmr. You?
Subway meltz lettucce cucumber Bbq sauce sweet onion footlong mealdouble chocolate cookies lol thx
So i meet u in engine?...can go sde auntie there to bind.....
Dulan. Got anywhere to pay foosball?
Wot u wanna knw?
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .  From senthil Hsbc bank
I want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
Alone on bed..only thinking of you. What About you ?
Remember don't submit my assignment. Gotta change answer!
Haha watching hk drama!!
Gudu mornin..
dsfss
Haha we sharing! Haha it's no problem! I'll sleep! Haha ohh play itnice!! Hahaha yeah we took the mountain bike so the one in the roomwas small :P haha we 3 girls cycling feels abit unsafe:/
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Are we supposed to reach earlier? :-P
Ok lo...
Hi Ricky, we received your email and portfolio, thanks.  We areinterested in working with you on our house reno, but your quotationis too high and exceeds our budget for the amount of work and spacerenovated.  Would you be able to help lower the quote (especially theroof, others contractors have been much less, lower than 5k).  Wecan't work with you unless you lower your quote.
Hello! Are you in PGP?
Woah blk  <#> . You changed number?
Haha oh my loff. I'm translating a French song!
U wan meet where? Hehe
Um... WHAT???
Understand can already.. ur cap not bad 1 right? I see I just performnormal also should be able to keep my honest class. Somemore u goingia.
Puch lena thodi der me mummy ko bula skti hai ya nhi? Nhi to kitneder tk chalega check up. Apne bare me sb batana ki aur Jo Jo hotahai.
Yo you having class until what time?
Miss u!
Yea ok. I at west coast. Got good shorts 2 for  <#> .
I knw u didnt lyk do it rite frm d first..
Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... " I will be with YOU " Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear..
Thanks!
Why you keeping me away like this
Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
Gud ni8 dear
Long enough for us to make one ;) They will never let us earn cash. Peeps already have multis for coins. They'd go out of business.
Wake up le.. at orchard wf my frens. kinda like a gatherin ü . U jus woke up?
ll b in sch fr 1 lor... U ask if they wan to meet 4 dinner a not... If not then we go 4 movie lor...
Me lyin on da bed oredi... Nite...
Ok! Long black pants.
u dun have to pay me..:)
I forgot to add in e use case nums. Can u help me when u're compiling?
Tell me when eating!
Aiya... Den 430 come la....
Where are you?
Daddy u want to fetch me later? About 2pm from school
Ok
Ok sweety. I think can send object via respone in the httpservlet.Ding ding. I go slp le dearie. Lg so hpy to have u.
t join you all tonight cos I have law tutorial tomorrow at 9. You have fun and help me wish him a very happy birthday for me.
No
Wow haha so random 7
I send him our ideas 1st. Clifton got reply?
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
Idk lols cus can't see u climb also.
Los my fren suddenly jio me go 2moro so I tot might see u lols
Lol I didn't get any! Eh still waiting for his reply. We might not beable to take together. Slots left are  <#>  to  <#>  and 2 to 6
Lol poke me when i can come over xD
Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
K..
S
Dude be outside in like <#> minutes!
Watermelon and vanilla cake or cupcakes and drinks
Gordon also ask me tml anything on or not! Haha... but others like noreply leh... and tml we going town eat by the time reach also dunnowat time... haha ya lah ya lah u the best gf ever
Haha no la later eat korean bbq no?
Aiya! Where got naughty? Love u so much leh!! Mug mug. Got drinkwater ma? Blink blinkblinkblink with a sheepy smile. Hee
Hey sorry. Have to meet u at bishan instead as i goin to have lunch earlier. Is that ok?
By air patient zero who infected many others. His name is timothy tay
Baba wants u 2 give that apli 2 hostel.U sign c v virgini in normal riting.Keep a sample 2 show baba.She's 2 give name of boardng also in the intern form. Pls contact her.
want to meet ?
Hahaha oh yessss you do!
WAKE UP!!!!!!!! X.x LATE LE!!!!
me too
Easy? Nid study wad
I would but I don't want them coming down here. I'm not opening mydoor at 3am lol
m goin but forgot to bring e marking sheet...Hopefully wont finish today...
I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
Yeah the one near popular! Haha probably! Haha orh x.x haha okay! Ifell asleep in lkh's class and he woke me up! Lol who is the otherguy?
Hi Andreu,good morning. Baba'l contact u n u can do the emailing. May God bles u
Fire
ok. i come for dinner. having lunch now
Yea... $ <#>
When you talked
Dont you have message offer
Ok!
Had your food ?
Thanks... I should also probably try not to get everyone in Moffit sick =P
kera charsi aa
E1
Lolz I just saw the qn haven see the answer but from my truth tablelike dun even need logic gate=x each input control 2 output...
What haha I just saw this. Hostel then?
Omg.. Really.. We ll go mad by the end of this semester
Lol attic not open. Meet you at makan place first.
james, i will be working out at the gym.what time will u be there? teach me how to use the machines.
U come to fatch me or i go myself.
Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
Sunny raun. Best combi
hihi, sent. :)
Tsk you said dont have her number and now I give you le, you want herto call you.
Yeah
Sorry I meant they said they WOULDNT give early offer.
Yah lor.
Wa, so late den enlisted ah... Civil defence not bad wat...My sch term starts nxt wk... Enjoy ur wkend den...
Haha then how! If dun have the jap thing on thurs I go crash lor.Haha no night training not thurs! Hahaha was the slap good??
Lol OK where are you? Engin? RH?
Hey, sharis... Dun think i can go for the mtv thingy this sat.Next week got 3 tests.Wanna faint le,exams comin too.Sorry, but ü can go ahead,den tell me how k?
Hey hey remember to tell the group that your group name is gravastar.
Hey simon, sorry ar. Got hear any thing from your bosses regardingthe project? If don't have, don't pester them leh. Can tell me upfrontone.
Haha okay. What time google?
YEA THAT'S MY ONLY AVAILABLE SLOT
Give me 1 card
Wah so good lol. Did he like use that to bao your red packet?! Lol
Wads tt?
Hey choong and I going ubin le. U wan cone along?
Yup... this weekend we should go for nb and kb and hip hop or jazz and free ABT
Sooo
Alright lol.. when? Are you making French toast?
Hi niny care to intro mi snowman
I dont have time to sleep lol. Why?
M NOT STUDY YET.
Hi mentees! Hope you liked the quotes I gave you (: here's another!"Always do what you want, and say what you feel, because those whomind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Okay can.
N masthu tats a vry bg job, . . . Am nt qualifyd 4 tat
Nope,Nothing special recently... More or less juz stayed at home n watch tv at night. I enjoy the channel ü show at 9 pm.... Had yr lunch yet?
m at wisma u reach call me
Thank you so so so so so so so much..got reloaded... is this thanks enough?. :-) *WIN Exciting prizes when u buy Comfort! Now @supermarkets*
no..sunday is family day for me...haveta spend time wif parents...
m not comin back 4 dinner... Eatin w shufen...
LOL. (: get a bf too! This guy is srsly just very awesome! really thefirst person I feel that he's my soulmate haha! My sch end at  <#>tmr._.
He guailan la. Called me just now. Bad mood
Hmm I going nickhole hse if u go
Haha T.T how~
You got called a tool?
But my lect starts at 2 leh... When r u free anytime b4 2?
Crap I didn't bring the paper home so I dun have the qns
Hmm okay.
No u use the balance to pay plus your own. Then the rest, we payourselves. English always first paper de. Wahahaha. I kidding onlylah.
Yeow Li Teng Cheryl,S <#> F, <EMAIL>err what size should I take? And is there a number 3?
Glad to see your reply.
Heeee!!  I was thinking on the bus how lucky I am to hve u to loveand saya?g me
Whoops let me convert it
Alright!  We'll see u on  <#> th then. Thanks.
Ok
hey baskin robins is open today!!lets get some..
Wish you a very happy birthday andrew. May you find peace and happiness in everything you do. :-)
Who is this
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
K leave
Dont worry...ll fix it 2moro...wid dendrite
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
Eh wait it doesn't open so early. Let's eat PRATA!
Monday evening or tues afternoon?
Lol take so long to understand
Yes yes.. is my bao bei xiang xiang already?
Hi Ricky, we're living at The Warren right outside Choa Chu Kang MRT. We can meet you at the lobby when you come.
Lols I busy now. Chionging hmwk. How bout 2moro?
Dunno dat day i tot she told u... Then nvm lor...
Pig:D
Ok we tmr then eat. I'll message the rest later.
I dunno where to dl. But have it in my phone memory. U can try dl online la
Okay i will arrive at  <DECIMAL> . I go help ah ma buy dinner first.
Me? Mrudangam? When is it again? He might know some Tabla players you know..
Anything. Wat time
m not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
Haha yeah thanks!
I suppose you guys bailed out?
Darn, thurs I can't. Fri u can? When are you flying off anyway?
Haha.. Fleur sterling? Your bass?
Whoa instant noodles. So free tmr?
Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right?
Lol just woke up!
Ya but I gonna waste my time in sch for just 3 hours.
On the bus to Vivo
Inka ra
Hee ok dear!! Hugs nd wrap u
Thanks a lot.
Ok! He dam kaobei
Hey lynette, later 1hr before you reach sch, contact vincent at  <#>so he can open the door for you.
Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
Yeah =/ luckily I'm so consumed with finals I don't care!
Aft effects of  <#> kg bench press...
In my mind nw no hv anythings beautiful! Jz hv shit!jz feel nt happy!
Ehh wait we aren't, I think that's Janice's station!
Amar classor keita
I would be late
Den take nxt time! When nid hand in?
Ya... Said goin w wawa liao wat.. Still muz take mrt ah... Haiz...
Oh yeah will email :)
Coming
Check mail.i have mailed varma and kept copy to you regarding membership.take care.insha allah.
I lv u nd u kmw dat,hw cn u stl tl me dat am ignorant?
Whoops nvm
e
Yo good morning! Actual start date will be on  <#> th. Now comm got 5confirmed members.
Hey do u still have cue cards
Oh wow I just got the msg received alert:o
oo. ur email id n original pw is?
Hahaha coz you plugged it out!
Life Is Heaven
Zindagi mein 2 minute koi mere paas na baitha, Aj sab mere paas baithe ja rahe the.. Koi tohfa na mila aj tak mujhe, Aj phool hi phool diye ja rahe the.. Taras gaya tha main kisi k diye huye ek chote se rumal k liye, Aj naye2 kapde odhaye ja rahe the.. Do kadam bhi sath chalne ko tayar na tha koi, Aj khafila banakar chale ja rahe the.... Aaj pata chala ke ''MAUT'' kitni hasin hoti hai, Kambakt 'HUM' to yuhi jiye ja rahe the..
Hokay.
"If u want sumthing u never had b4, u've got 2 sumthing u have never done b4."
I've submitted the form le. U wad time finish work??
Added: Game complete, okay button, resume, quit, mainmenu mouseover button.
K. Will call him tonight
kabhi basant me phool khil jate hai, kabi patjhd me phool gir jate hai, Aashiqo ki laasho ko to kafan bhi nasseb nhi hote, hasino ki mot par TAJMAHAL ban jate H
Okay.
Hey, it's okay. Met him.
Srysry.. I didn't think properly.. then now hw
I think 3pm today would be good.
vry nice meh? u r temptin me to switch on my tv.. wad time is e show endin? go slp soon k. im dozin off man..
Hey josiah, leo here. Is it possible for me to borrow walkie talkiesfrom SU on  <#> th?
Call me when you are done...
Hahaha oh well, never mind. On the day of my funeral you all wouldprobably be laughing at me for getting my karma back.
Com*
Good. No swimsuit allowed :)
Sleep well? XP
Ok dr
Is the meditation course start today or next week? Sorrie... I am blur liau
Ya...Not too bad lor...
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Ok
Yes, will go. I just went to lunch not take phone.
isnt it  <#> ?
Not very sure... i think can find our way
Kk
Mm what to do
Yeah, I just figured I might as well let you play since I shouldprobably ACTUALLY go to bed eventually xP
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
I was cheated.
Ok set!!!!
Lol do your own notes eh haha
.she dun wana commit first.go to poly le.èn c how.some ppl mature le la.haha- aiya,sure can one la.we live near each oèr stil
Okay ^^ it'll be super fun
Yeah. Oh ya. Forgot to tell you. I need it in A3 leh.
Oh oh. Im so jealous she didnt prepare for her son. :-(
I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
Ü haf to bathe millian when ü come home... He got shit on his fur...
No.. Just.. I am leaving home now..
Hey u wanna jog frm 2 to 4 today?
Haha ohh that's not unstable lah!! He got dvc so he busy mah! Hahai'm really v lazy one leh!! (: haha really? Hmm just wondering, do youget interested in any girls you walk past? Hahaha maybe I did! Um justtalk about sports competition then show db!
Difficult!
Huh? What game! Yeah ok we'll call!
But I only like anohana cards!!
F u r gona give evng 2 hm i l give 2mrw at 2 de so i m askng
not that i noe of..
Yep
A boy' eye is fastr dan Google in searching b'ful gal in a crowd bt A boy' heart is slowr thn govt bus while proposing a gal whom he luvs .Gn..
Wanna meet me?
Jesus told me to tell you that everything you're going through is taken care of.If you believe in Him send to 8 people EXCEPT ME.And in  <#>  secs watch who calls
.-.
Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
Were you smsing me at all!?
Cha! Vetti pasanga!
Truman , pse tell Joe tks uncle tonyJo, will see u at  <DECIMAL>  today ..do remember to take phone cardfrom me..dad
Oh. Perhaps it collects usage pattern data?
Aunty, Rem to eat ur macaroni also hor. Dun cook until forget toeat.:-)  so happy gt food later. Haha
This is the  <#>  letter one starting with j ends in a?
ben say meeting change to next fri can or not ?
K . Good night, sleep wel. Swt drms...
Cool. I have to go get my laptop from Shweta in PGP.. so I am goingtowards PGP sig. Let me know if lab is open..
Eman and the others he say. Guess is yuhan and peeps
Hahaha omg the dog!!! Only the front got suit somemore hahaha looksdamn random!!!
Most prob should b. But in e aft noon.
Nop not staying
Wont be home early. Got school stuff.
And?
As in u take bus back alone?
Im on my way.
5:45PM
i go help ys plan tutorial. hee
World cup.
Wah wah means you at home already eh.
Hi Andreu, 4 deposited. Pay 4 dongle n fone. Later i'l be sending. May God bless u.
Haha nvm arh like too early to eat lo... I can go walk walk first uhungry then come central lol
will you come to movie?
Got it.. thanks
Tell
Haha. Ok la. Two pple share. Ur headache better already? <name> here
Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
How are you ?
Waaa emo! No railway?
Ok I can make it
Thik hai.
Haha ^^ that's very sweet^^ hmm you came out of church le? Ooo Sundaysch end so late? I've never gone so idk :P haha so playful!! Our kidswill like think we're so immature hahaha!
And he's apparently bffs with carly quick now
Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
Laopo later u stay in sch if u want to k. Heee. Love u sooo much
Oh gosh that's really bad.
U will see :)
Wah die just wake up.Cui.will take cab over.
Hey babe, how's it going ? Did you ever figure out where your going for New Years ?
I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
Ohh okay>< haha okay! Watching huan zhu gege haha!
Yeah, with me. Total  <#> .
Use what talents you possess. The woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang the best.GM - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Cool.
Waa Sian! Go see only. I only nush
Okay. I think maybe have but I don't have my laptop with me now.Tonight i send u if i've.
Hi aunty, this is Swetha s friend Nishanth. She wants you to call her on  <#>
Hi Desmond, your tenant from Warren here.  We received another letterfrom SMT&P your solicitors. I assume it's important.  Can you tell mewhere I should mail it to to reach you (you sent me your addresspreviously, but I deleted it).  Thanks
Haha I dun know who he is! Oh no><i'm not cute!! Not as clean???What's the relation??? Haha i'm just slacking haha! Ooo so fast!Hahaha i'm not going to watch it!
Ok
lemme guess....shopping?
Lea so wanna exchange hp number?
Hi Ricky, it's been two weeks since I started asking about the PUBproblem.  Any progress?
BOJIO
What why I wanna sleep more!!
s the name of the japanese restaurant at esplanade?
Lol what's the link between grabbing and yeahh
WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
Oh.. ic. This module gt no formal tutorial slots.most tuesdays shldbe lecture slots.Btw you sent the grouping email to Ms musni right?
Ya...dun haf...
Ya u come home when?
Paya
P
Hello dear.
I dun think so
Helw ji p0ore din me shaql hi nai dikhai aaj apne..:-D
Good morning baobei!! Hee. Ur piggy go pong pong first.
I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
Trying to get my goddamned bank cards =/
hi how are you?
I put 2 yest! Now no more
Going to clz now at patan cheru
Oh if you want to then!
Sa  <#>  for 5
Soon
what to say ?
Yo zj say tonight we all play games instead eh haha about 6 plus. How?
I know right? Did you pick Xenon or the other one?
hey wads wrong with shuz ar? she keeps answering my sms-es in a very vague way. like being very secretive about everything. any idea wads going on with her??
Hi dear. whar are you doing? i am visiting my aunt house now.
Boleh. It's okay lah. We don't want to trouble u le. Haha.
Oh okay, mt faber safra, tmr morning what time?
May your world be filled with warmth and good chear this Holy season, and throughout the year.Wish your christmas be filled with peace and love. Merry christmas. warm wishes鈥﹖o you and your family.
Hi hi how nice na
Sure. I ll take both
Okay... I saw you...
Inform all the students about the seminar that will arrange tomorrow at 2:00 and send all the names of participants.
At some coffee shop behind da building... E building is called the riverwalk...
Awesome haha meet your house downstairs eh.
Orh! I end at 6 today. Wanna meet for dinnel or sth?
Ggfied perma split assemblies. stairs all full arh
Haha I can help u compile also later... ya lo lol...y leh a lot pplecannot make it arh... okie....
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
Haha maybe! Hahaha but he so cool! Yeah hopefully hehe:P I very lazyto do revision le, how? Should I just read through one time then gosleep? Maybe I should wake up at like 4 then study more? haha>< toldyou before right, ppl's description of me in year 1! Short, fat andcute._.
I am near lib
u shove um up ur ass!!
Me hancheng yirui chorhian yintong youwei
Do you have cravings?
I will :) sure full marks
Yeeeaaaahhhh
Bus le. Muuuugs
don think abt it liao la ... its an accident ... be more careful next time lor ...
When i felt my life slipping away, then, O lord, i prayed to u, and in your holy temple you heard me. Jonah  <TIME>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
Ohh right! Okay (: ehh nope! Sorry haven't check my email!
Lol.. sig
Reach le
T.T... sob sob sob... haha good idea arh! Then I can be back to  <#>! Lol... y not? Angel leh skin sure super fair de arh lol
Dont u got it
Wow my morning alarm was set to  <TIME>  so it would've rang in 5mins! Hahaha okay goodnight! (:
Yup OK
Milk, veg and Murmure lete ana ate samay.
Ankit met in SBI BANK on Saturday.
You don't know? You sure u watched it?
good afternoon  had your lunch?
Onli mi n Percy in <#> la kopi nia.haha.I hear from Joel maybe changing to eat botak Jones leh cos they tot u all 9 then reach then fish n Co close at <#> .
Oh he's sick... down with fever and dunno what... wish him well lol
How was the quiz?
re doin. Hw much u collect?
No not so early.
unless buffet, otherwise most should be same price... but got big problem...
Good morning, how about Saturday at  <#> am?
Hi I'll be about  <#> mins late, is that alright?
Hovis grannery pls x
After legs and paddles
Be safe my precious laopo. Kisses n hugs.
LOL WHAT DID YOU DREAM ABOUT! HAHAHA COZ YOU'RE NOT IN MY CLASS!!!!
Oh bendemeer mall there.
Orh u change settings to rainy day
Nope, I'm still in the market
Lyin
Yeah call me!
I help u ask soh jie
uffffffffffff
ll meet u b4 lec then...
Hey! I'm leaving right after French so at like  <TIME>  or so. I'llbe careful! :)
Hey help me hand in too I got art. It's on my table
I am goin to pr desk.5 to 8
I'm at work. Please call
how are you had breakfast? why didn't you text me? I will be there at 10 Shall we go for film? Don't forget to bring the note Nadunisi made me angry yesterday Hey dude reached home Have you seen the match yesterday? I love you
Sianz can't le... got arp zzz
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Eh?I tot is the Canon or nikon then ex.like even their body n lens oso whereas Sony can use those 3rd party sigma brand??then Canon all these must higher end then got those like img stabilizer?
Any info abt preethy
Eh? The erp today is lab not tut?or both oso got 1?
Haha sad face): oh wells have to learn to be patient I guess! Haha Ihave no idea): I heard Starhub and htc also got compatibility prob orsth! They lag virtually all the time, but even longer and more oftenat my house and hostel room! Don't know why also): haha yeah all of usStarhub, got the internet and TV also, so free house phone line andthe  <#> % off haha:P ooo hmm will you play in sch? You tell me whenyou go play this week, I go see HAHA. jk haha so stalker! sad facecannot see probably): at the second part le, just damn headache thispart haha I wanna give up le! Haha yeah I rmb I always go this giftshop when I was in prisch though, its not there anymore haha emo!
Haha^^ happy ~ yeap I did! Haha my mum was like "let them talk allthey want lah!!" Haha okay I'll come online! (: haha idm anything! (:ohh yay!!! Good for you^^
Reached le. I'm downstairs.
Tmr i end at 2 ! I can meet you.
Nop
Yeah.
Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
U w ur sis then still meeting us. Then if we go c movie then u going 2 c 2 movie a day?
Warner to delhi.
Oh i went to citibank at orchard... Study until i sian also... So u going back now?
Dear dear... Coming home at wad time- every one is not at home...
Dun punish me lar...
Dis pain s unbearabl....i tink i cnt liv nymr andrw....g.b
SMSCASTLE Truth of Today's Human Life:-): "The human lose their health to make money" & "Then lose their money to Restore health"
Lol OK.
jaldi kar
ok. Thanks.
Wth how u check ans siaz! Godlike. I screen abit also difficult
oo..eat so late, is considered supper already lo! no need worry toomuch, melvin will take care of her one
I'm not so sure but i think it's western.
Sorry I just woke up.
Then format le?
LOL VERY GOOD XD then they'll be like wth so many submissions atonce! Hahaha!!
PAIF QU6uHdB7QEAAUSbmBWFmQIBlAMCRU4Ei1JYAqUA3eZvzJWPBPZHEWfv <#> gFAQcBCAMMAF4LAZQNAF4Puz7YfnfNE4+lWQDXcVtO
SO SAD. I DON'T KNOW, MAYBE IT MINUS OFF ONE DEMERIT. I SHOULD TRY TOGET A DEMERIT.LOL I DON'T SEE MY BLUE FORM ON MY RECORDS THOUGH
Where hve u been
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
dar i at first storey. i go turn 1 rnd first
iluvu
Kk
I wanna watch that movie
Haha really got. Near the big escalators there.
What time are u free?
Chal raha he?
Sure, I'll be right down
No d
Yea ps
hi folks, rem we hav a huahui gathering at 7pm at orchard mrt tomorrow. call me if u wil b late. c u all soon.
Ok..god
Ya:)going for restaurant..
Haha... I want to see. E macdonalds here cheaper. Yum yum.
Wa so many lol... no arh I king then.u shld be queen mah! Lol... sofat fat also =p... so wat time u intending to sleep?
Ha paka
aathi..where are you dear..
What u doing today?
Just normal only here :)
No S, its my number :-)
Yup yup. In the car haha. I'm so tired yawn. What did you do on new year's morning!
Not hungry now. When your meeting will end?
Write "what's my name beemp3" in google and open the first link
Rly? Why so cheap. I buy 1 more myself then, white de. Hahas SP shirt v nice
David! You should come with us after SLUgS!
Ya i've e tix. Haha. Sat night one. I blive they're of grandstandstandard. If u don't mind boring qualifying races then okay loh.
Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
s ur password...
Tsk tsk, no apostrophe? She's an English major! =P
Nice! (: see you! (:
you hold one , call you later
m shopping w her now.
I dunno le jus sleep?
Woohoo:-) my first msg with the milestone:-) :-) :-)
Cos I dun sleep so early arh lol... dunno lah try force myself tosleep lo... can lah u pass the virus to me u recover le lol
mera khayal ha print bhi de sakte hain
Oh okay
New year coming... don't say such inauspicious things LOL
?
<EMAIL>
You give us back my id proof and  <#>  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
Am shoppg at brunswick st...alannah hill. look 4 me there when u get a park.
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Hey, you bro jus called me! He said that this morn you went to church and then dunno go where. Where r u now? He is looking for you!
I've given da
Lol okay.
Mon volleyball at sentosa?
Lol I at the river McDonald's le... wait for u at uob building
Ok. Tyty.  Seeya!
Ok.. I am at lib.. I will get money and come.. :)
My dear sleeping pig, i'm going home! If you wake up with enough timeto spare, want to go sch tgt? (: if you want I can take  <#>  go findyou haha but I not sure where to get off!
SORRY HAHA I'M NOT WRITING THEM YET, I'M MEMORISING REAGENTS. HEADACHE HAHA
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Ah what?
Ok lor c u later but not 2 late ard 2am.
Haha I want iPhone 5 T.T... but got keyboard I dun want leh lol...got other... they all order a lot ramen! Haha... cos noodles my mumall those got eat... u where got fat lol
Hmmm at some weird dinner.lol later ba.
Oh
Mummy is my best friend
Sayang my baobao. Timing wrong. Aiya. Still waiting for the forerunner to come. Dear u got things to do?
Yup can... But tmr i haf 2 go home 1st... Cos i bringin laptop to sch...
Ok sure thing
Hiya do u like the hlday pics  looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
Haha aww lol thought yoy waiting fore. :(
revoir
Haha just go lo for the point lol... it is straight after ur classanyway... eh somewhere in punggol I also dunno lol... got.sheng siongone... haha dunno... u can treat me tml drink haha... hao arh! Wherede buffet lol
Den i hv a problem
Omg sorry sorry!!! Help me tell weitieng x.x okay yeah I rmb that!!
Hahahha ok.then jiu morning lo.hahaha I nv expect to like pass oso.haha.
But you want them to follow you!
Okie walking over liao lol... bk de $1 tender grill offer no more lesob sob sob
m really pack this week
what?
Ya this afternoon I signed myself
haha. he wan fetch me after tt?
sigh i really need to find a job sia if not next year dunno how to get enough money to go holland
Need to re-format my laptop
Home le dar
Yup! Class at 2 though
thoughtful. me? when i met you, i ended up wif nothing... nothing more to ask for.. =5
Ohhhhhh ahhhh dammit I'm so freshie
Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
I can do both but I got more experience in java... and no, he isn'tin the same tut
Shipu please come home Friday afternoon to see father.
Ha ha. Wo yi wei shi mian fei de :p
So far so good. What happened yesterday?
Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
goodnyt frnd.c u tmrw
5 mins
As in  <#> !  Hahaha omg SO CUTE MR KU HAHAHA
Not sure when i'll be done, if i'm going i'll go by myself
Tell u on Weekend?
SORRY I'LL BE LATE!!!!
Heehee! Orh ): see la should've just went to do your work instead!
Mf got cip afterwards. Stacy might be joining too. Think!
Okie
I booked the ftt le.
Haha west mall quite near compared to your house!! hahaha I dun haveso much money to spare! Hahaha ppl like to play games on my phonemah!
All the best!
Yes. Please leave at  <#> . So that at  <#>  we can leave
Can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? All you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. Thanks.
Are you going by MRT?
rest. later go pick my gf up
Andu i need notes on these.. Youth unrest, nationalism,what r social problems nd some exampls,( Action research-some researches related 2 language teaching)
dum dum.. i know why u got so many ulcers tgt le! coz u toostress..avoid spicy, acidic and very hot food and rinse your mouthafter eating k.. supposed to help a bit. hee. and think of me andrelax a bit! love u!!
Poni MS cheyavachu kada
Hahas! Shiok
Air ticket  <DECIMAL>  hotel  <#>
Yaya, i keep all the paper! Will do according to tat. Cos just nw was wondering dunno wan to put the text or nt
Ja rhi hai babu?
Thanks!
Hahaha you got  <#>  leh lol.
I'm bringing a 2m long paddle home, maker space for it:D
Haha... Ü havoc too much ah? I was think of going to look at the mambo shirt designs... And prices. Compare with aust.
email kar dena
Nvm la relax we haven't been able to go through all the topicsrequired for that test also, like periodic table. How's physics?
Haha no no it's alright I dun need to be accountable to him what!
love u dear! pring
Haha dont angry eh. I really didnt mean it.
Orh! U wan go shopping eith my mama tml?
Want. But nee to  go com2 first.
Hahaha alright good night!
Haha okay. XD
I know! Dude!!
Yay can faster see u. Boo no bus yet
Btw, i asked tg. He said he doesn't want to go to nus bash.
Kk.
Melvin, when u called me juz nw, was ur kor at the interchange already?
In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
Overslept 1 stop...
hi,i am in lab now
Chalet at east side
Commercial
Yep, I got it
bubbleteaaaa!!!!
Fridaaaaay~
My robot was in sch since last last week :/
Hi Andreu,good morning. Whats it u wanted 2 say last nite? Did anna contact u? May God give al courage n strength 2 do what is right n good. Have a nice day
Oh... Lk tt huh...K la,thgt u forget me liao... Gee... So how ya doin now...
Ok thanx...
I will reach office around  <DECIMAL> . & my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
Hahaha I bought already. Later after dinner I see if can get for you.
i noe wat u mean ...
where are you going?
Hi <name> I want to express my deep appreciation to u for the magicshow u have performed to the elderly party yesterday. They wereastounded by your show. May we have more of such meaningfulpartnership in days ahead. Thanks again! :) Mr lau hsr.
Any plans later?
Haha, well sorry for half waking you... I didn't think you'd even getmy text until the morning
2 naughty
Aur kya kya bataya Khushbu ko mere bare me?
It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
Oh ya. Forgot to ask u. Ur bank accnt is posb savings account?
Kashtam!
Ya, book is useful.. but I could give you my cfa books. It coverseverything in fin  <#>
Humne to tjhe Google ki upadhi di hai na....
So 2moro how
Good idea! Den foosball. Eat sakura?
Yeah you said true too! Yeah gotta prepare myself for trouble then. Well i guess I miss everyone a little. Not just you dont worry.
Ya ya...
U reach oredi...
Lol wah if im really a stalker its all thanks to someone eh.
Going to Marsling. Can edit photos la  . Happy face hee
I said its okay. Sorry
Ya.. so I keep if there?
Yup here already.
ehhh i thot fyp end liao?
ll say...
Lol tmr morning then play eh.
U lazy gal, i tell ron then he will scold u also hee... Then u judge urself.
Oh.. ok..
Podi aiya hw r u? R u busy. Aiye cn u brn da recvry cd. F u cn. R u fn. Wht r u dn? Whr r u nw? Anyway b gd. Gd blz u. Bye. Take care. Gd nyt
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Were you in Doe when the power went out?
Noice! I'm just leaving the practice room :)
Wow omg:o so cool! So really different buddy?):
So r we...Haha
Ok. Then I meet u tml .. enjoy ur dinner:)
Hmm...Nvm lor...Get frm u another dae...=)
s cheap...
Can I just double check that after polishing can use right away?  Noneed to wait a day before stepping on it?
Home
Lol novenaz lorz
Fuck 2moro Monday timetable
One at a time. Wil one i dunno.
$ <#>  or more?
I where got?
Vvs for kochi:)
Haha I mean mine!
Hey no.am not.. no need to go..
Ok! I remember!  See u at  <DECIMAL>  tmr.:-)
Really... But muz wait very long rite... So u book ur test date oredi...
Sorry I was sleeping when you called. You went to open house?
If u have balance pls cal
Hey wanna go swim tmr evening
Hi ANGEL can intro pls
Ok i leaving now.
She dont wan to be lightbulb. You go edit t page then you go near the bottom part of the code just change e add, wont destroy. At most do a new one lor
Wait for support
Watching TV.. haha.
Haha... Okay... Then i pon too.
L u ask her n tel me wen c l return nu?
Traffic terrible.  Likely to be quite late. Please start dinner first.
Oh ya... Forgot... Haha... Kaiez... Cya after lesson...
Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
Yoz... you able to come online?
You all reaching already?
have
We are at far east plaza, bldg next to hyatt hotel on scotts road.
Dont forget hor now wat time already
Nope
Download like millions of time le... Kao... then tml have to usetheir lab computer... I dun even rmb wat is the username...
Oh we at clubhouse le
Evryone
Did you forgot me:-.
Are you ready to gym?
can u help me get 2 AA batteries back?
okies...hope 2 cya soon
Height of "Oh shit....!!" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay,.;-):-D
Ya lor. I dum dum do project meeting until forget the time. :-(tanwh black black face yesterday ah?
Lol kk....
I already biting my tongue
Kaha pahucha
Big bang? Oo
K :)
Mo
Yes
Why i come in between you people
Hahaha then jiu okay bah I guess.
Meet at kallang mrt at 9  <#>  same time. Btw how u go after DB
where you want to go ?
That's a depressing thought! I dunno coz everyone I asked saydunno._. What the just damn sian. I dun care le later just readthrough the notes bah.
Ok
Ok.sure! I go eat when I visit u.hee
Hi. Just wanna wish you a merry and blessed christmas. Hope all your wishes come true this christmas! MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Hi
Book which date?
No. Really big mess. Don't have a place to stay..
Alright can. I will send them to you tonight.
I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
Why no messages
Haha muah! How was your day?
What happened to your fish memory?
Hey, just to let you know earlier, I'm not going for lecture later.. I wana finish my law tutorial which will take me the whole day to do.. :)
come downstairs... the stuff are heavy.
Hi Andreu, have v 2 get down at piliyandala town?
Call gyan
Call when you are up...
Fast! I'm still queueing at the atm..soooo long. Wait a while ah..heh.
2. Why?
Not lunching with you. Have a good day at work. Love.
LOL!! So cute:D wow the family letting you two earn money hahaha!
He was in my grp oly nah! Our topic was "xamination s it kilng education"
Northpint. Now coffee shop.
paper.
Haha no noo its okay! Dun need to pay! Haha reaching le I think! HahaI went to sophie's room to bathe!
Bb. Laptops. Ipad
Today last ppaper...1pm...haha...new one...stupid avg...afterupdate..say need rs com...then i press ok...then cannot bootliao...boot halfway then will make the tee sound and boot biosagain...
Yo where are you?
:) yea, somemore u got ornee to takeaway. i go rest first, get home safe.
So how Oo
Oh if have tell us thks
It's just to give a recap of our main feature - price match n oca.Then hopefully, we can convince xy to do the demo. Haha.
When/where you wanna meet?
Lol. I donno... u like blondes :/
hee. morning myvloveely boy!!!lovelove u!
Haha okay^^ reaching home soon? I'm at the bus interchange, walkinghome le! (:
Yup. Okay. Please try to sleep early although you don't have to go toschool tml.
Forgot pass to u.... Gg
should be okay
K d
Em chestunu ra
If you have space then bring, I dun really need the first two haha:Pif not then nvm! (:
Yah..I still going.. U really not going?
Hui xin is in da lib.
Haha yups!! Okay next time I teach you:D haha oh right! Yeah thenwill have a huge house to yourself! what who kicked you?! Kick back!!Can you see properly now? Why end so late._.
Go in through the narrow gate, because the gate to hell is wide and the road that leads to it is easy, and there are many who travel it. But the gate to life is narrow and the way that leads to it is hard, and there are few people who find it. Matthew 7: <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day :-)
Oh. Hope can find a short course. Holiday also quite short jus learnbasics nxt hol learn agn
Where are you?
How is your health hope everything is allright! will try to meet you soon:-(
Okay! So I have 4 things today I win everything.
Haha then I go ba. If not have to watch webcast.
Hey wanna meet for dinner later? Having chicken rice.  <DECIMAL> pm @potong pasir mrt busstop
I didn't receive leh.
Wth? 1st?
Ct session until 4pm
Goodnight
Oh oh okay.
Haha okie... I shall go buy best fries later muhahaha
Wat dessert ü wan...
m still sleepin, haha... Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
I'm outside
Ms lee aggro
yup not too long la. Queue long?
Ok. That's perfect. No rush.
ll b goin tmr lor...
U got all of dm?
Oh...Family outing.Can do me favor?I need to get my dad a belt.Can help me look out?Its gotta be canvas or cloth.Cuz its 4 golf.Can?
Hee. Orh!! Chou baobei 我也好爱你！
s house bbq... reply asap
Ok. Still waiting :-(
Harow wo tao clementi le. ni dao le ke yi call wo.
Nvm la as long as it can still eat
what...
Hi Andreu,good morning! I spoke 2 predeep,he'l be at home 2moro n u can keep bags there he says. Is it ok? May God bles u. Have a nice day.
Wish u a Merry Christmas. May all ur dreams com true wth blessings of Jesus Christ
If neva c any then neva mind lor... U try lar then get 1 size bigger...
Ki bujhte paris ni?
Please check & revert back
m going back this eve...
Yun say fish head bee hoon...
ll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
hey gal.. toni and guy got free haircut.. cos they launching sme new style.. u wan2 go?either tis wk or next..
Yup. Lols why?
LG I reach bus stop le! Kiss u!
I napd
Hahaha preferably after cca fiesta.
Hey you free period now? Or having lessons
Bhai kasam se s0ry yaar.. Fail h0ne ke bd me kisike ph0ne nai uthata tha.. Maaf kar be mje jada acting nai ati:-D..
hee gdgd. take a gd rest dear
sony send spy to steal from you
Serious?
Im sorry, but tar is?
Ok. U going?
Okay dont lie to me eh. Tmr you plan.
Okay but we eating at 1pm
IT SAYS UNCLE LOL. HAHAHA I WENT COZ CSI!!!!
Do worksheet 4 quest 3
Mr lee when is the open house agn?
Making out doesnt mean I am serious or anything. And you threw the casual idea away,i didnt. I still hope we wont be too serious about this. Obviously we have quite different expectations from this relationship.
LOL I WILL NEVER KNOW. actl o think there may be one such guy LOL. Heliked like uhh 2 of my pics that no one else like de. Damn creepy!
Tsk I hate you!
Any pain on urination any thing else?
Should be well rested. u free nxt wk
Bs 5 min
It s nt 'him' it s 'her'
Mr chua, I think you have forgotten to pass me the rubber hoses.
SOS! U RECEIVED MY SMS OR NOT? ZEN ME BAN? ARGH!
Lol eh got exams siaaaa.
jeanette, love you forever! Bran.
Ha
Yeah 1pm to 7pm kbox. Then next go watch narnia.
Yeah for sure I'll be there in  <#>  minutes
Oh ya u tml test  <#>  right?
Hahaha I see. So did he told you about the shoes and sleeping bag?
nope not free till  <#>
Not going to town i think, shld hv not enough time.
Uncle
Haha I end work at 4pm then cab down lo.
Reached le, i go shower first...
Sorry im not coming back tonight.
at ys nw. mummy cook finished?
Hmmm..k:
Okay................... Tell me bout the points tmr morning then
Kk thks
Sup boi
P7 nv distinction
If you aren't busy I can't say I'd mind haha
Ya I free next week :)
Should be ok.
U r in charge of conference bags. Only give it to k spkrs, presenters, delegates n paid students. All ucsc ppl we give it later day.
Umma dear umma
Haha ok my fault! Haha is it interesting? Too bad I not there lolcannot be motivated
s a hmm .. maybe ..
Going sentosa
Hmm? I didn't go say hi haha, very weird to! It was interesting,about keeping journals! Haha yeap English! Wow super long never attendservice le, feels refreshing haha! Nope I'm not joining them, goinghome to study chinese le! hahaha go enjoy yourself!
B0y: Ladkiya jb ''susu'' krti h t0 ''ssshi'' awaz Q h0ti h , Girl: Q k grls me b0yz ki trhe 6 inch ka ''Silencer'' nahi lga h0ta h.
ll get a king size bed... Haha
Haha but can trace! Then they will be more responsible for it! Hahahaomg are you srs!!!!!! Bojio:D
Haha.so the shirt u like ma? I try to leave office by  <DECIMAL>  k?
Haha sure :-)  I ll be happy to check out a new android.. myknowledge is getting a little outdated :-P
eh.. can find somewhere with plug? i didn't bring battery today..
i cant make it on tuesday... how?
Ic
Hahaha alright.
S man
So great i m fr bedok also
U fetch?
Cal u latr
Haha so random! Hahaha raghav coming in  <#>  mins!!! Yeah they bothv smart!! Haha yups she got 3 younger sisters! The 2nd youngest isstudying here haha, the other one is in rgs, not too sure about theyoungest but should be rgps!
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Nope. Not yet.
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Hahah.. Aww man, we're not in the same grp.. :(
I don't even have to type with my phone all I have to do is talk toit and it types it for me
Omg I must have been dreaming. I was wondering why you didn't replythis morning! Hmm I rmb I was typing sth about my class chalet pplcycling from pasir ris to changi village, ecp, bedok, tampines thenback!
It's not raining heavily here and i've an umbrella.
s a project payin u to upload ur SMS
Blackburn rovers vs liverpool 8pm gmt reebok stadium
Not today sia 2moro test
Hmm I have discipline. Tianran has it alr though
well done ....
Marsling le bblp
Chocolate
Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
HEe . My mama one is custom made de.
e book sold for 18 dollars
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
I did some changes too. Anyway see ya on Sunday!
Wat kind of fren would u be, if u were to leave when ur absence doesn't matter
But he shld be reach v soon. Who else coming with us gym
I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
Ok
m thkin of goin on fri nite oso... Eh thurs got hip hop, wana go too... Gee...
Haha tml still got one arh T.T... Jeremy also not going... Gordon dunneed lah dun tell him he auto noe dun have le lol
Hmm what time? It's raining very heavily now, I can only go when it stops lol.
Which block again?
I tot meet interchange
Rrrrrryyyyyyaaaaaaannnnnnnn
Graded task on whole of chapter1?
m rushin 4 my lesson now lor, hope wont b late... So wat ya doin now...
Dear what happen
Train le weeeee
Am in pulliampatti.
Ü go buy bread talk later lar... Help me buy bak gua bread i thk today still got 1 dollar...
Yup, lecture ended early. U always didnt eat lunch hoh.. wad if nothing to eat at home?
s my dear dear dear?
hey, huiling here. so tmr are we meeting for rehersal? if yes what time?
Dear v dinner late a bit k. Around 7. Still full full
Lololololl sucks
Hey, i just wanted to let you know i cant come over tomorrow now, sorry! i have to work a double shift ><
Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning
Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
Heehee that was so funny tho
blessed birthday! hope u had a wonderful day.
Tats nt a gd film.. Gud nt bro.. Tak care
ll b late leh...
Hmmm... Got pts one huh... U joinin, if u r i dun mind lor...
Can i call?
What your plan for pongal?
Okay... what does she like to eat? I buy for her...
We meeting at town at 8 later. U ok?
Hmmm. I think I'll meet ya all at her house.
Nt 2mrw.. I hav yve 2mrw.. V wil go by nxt week..
Wuuut you really got all Bs?!
Morning, I am in bus still sleeping?
Cheaterbug!
Anything! Or meet at canteen?
Argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at
Yo class open le.
Haha yeah he said he would be tired.
alighted dear
Kisses kiss kiss kiss .... ?
Hokay!
Friend i have solved the problem .If you are yet to do this you may see the procedure .so come to my house.Hurry up
Haha you can go home with my mummy
Soooo tired
Not sure. Tot u gonna play smthing tts why I stay so late. Wad u suggest?
Where you. What happen
Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet lately
Lol
?
Consult junaid or any othr if u wan
Oh do not worry because I will not send in English even if yourequested me to do it. That is because I know my own limitation. Onthe other hand, I am pretty good in Chinese so let me construct u asong in Chinese to brighten up you day.
Ello tml wanna watch all well ends well at ehub  <DECIMAL> ?
YEAH BUT I'M WATCHING REAL STEEL FOR CLUSTER OUTING
Yup no more already... Thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
Apps class varaya elaya.
Violyn hi nice 2 meet u
Have to. I sign up alr ..
are u in class nw? so u book the cc ald?
Hi andrew today practic at AUNTY FLORIDA'S HOUSE at  <TIME> pm because no electricity in church.tc *Get ICC WorldT <#>  match updates.Type CRICKET & send to  <#> *
Ahh cool, can I have your mum's name? Because cannot put initials only.
Bad medha em chestunau
hi manish lets go to juhu
I went to soquel high school in Santa Cruz
are you still teaching tuition?
Haha thanks! Help me collect schoolwork XD
Hokay you buy popcorn ^^
But u really take a long time 2 finish one tut... At this rate when r u going 2 finish all ur tuts...
So need me to go back?
Dude your voice
Alright la. Call jason for me can, ask him if he's free.
Exactly the same feeling i hadiln weekends last sem. Who's ur form teacher btw
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Haha okay^^ whee very fun:P
Sweety!at marsling le. Kisses!
I think tmr la! Tonight no time do also:P thanks anyway!
CHINESE
Woot.hows result. <#> hoe sie?
Haha yeah! OH I GET IT NOW. I THOUGHT YOU OVERSLEPT COZ OF THAT!hahaha :P poke! Haha I can't tell anyone it's odd:P even telling themI like you was very odd le! hahaha but talking to you is fun! You aresuper zai! Unlike me:P haha! Oh no i'm late for class!!
I duno of seniors there,we anti-fow öne
Hahaha.. Right.. You otw now?
Oh no. Oh my baby :*
Hahaha
LOL. NO WONDER MY PARENTS WENT TGT. HAHAHA AND I WENT TWICE SOREVERSE LE RIGHT. HAHAHA. Yeah that's true! Near jobless? How doesthat work! Haha yeah but tmr study eco! Haha what are you doing now?
Lol.no other plans?gai gai eat lunch?
Yes, successful. She's friend taking also leh. U try ask him go joinyihong's grp?
Haha I got come online de just never sign in msn or Skype! what hahareally? Ah whatever whichever coffee it is is still nice (: haha youonly 2 or 3 exams right!!!
now playing game . haha. u?
Did jason ask you for mahjong tonight?
aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight?
She's is not answering the phone o guess?
Haha. Is ok. U taking alot of mods this sem?
Ya I will do it. Tsk auntie, you very naggy leh.
U can hav treat any whr by telling my name and u can pay the bill their itself..B-)
And smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
Weekday have not? Weekend cant
Busstop 530
Lift
good..So,we r meeting at 945 at raffles place mrt?i maybe a little late.Ü heard of hendrix?I am thinking of going there.We r just drinking,not dancing
E-7CE <#> B <#> C license key
Lol find cally eh. She should be free.
ok
I borrow ur bag ok.
Haha in sch eh.
Think they said cus wednesday's public holiday so people might not beable to make it. If dont go then do what leh?
What why
Ladke Waley Ladki Dekhne Gaye Ladke Ne Ladki Se Pucha Aapko KHANA BANANA Aata he...? Ladki- Nahi Mujhe to BANANA KHANA Aata Hai...
Lol whatever! See u on Friday
Nvm I help u buy large cup with pearl le.
Z
Haha which is when!
Just on a1 sobs. See u later laopo
I know. Cmng
Erm... we can... swim!
Lol I dont know for the rest eh.
haha, are you at ntuc?
I din ask yet... I saw e ad... The one at mohamad sultan nd pple...
Monday 7pm ok? Lis
0k
Is it SR1? How to hurry sia. Haha. Just help me and teck guan bookseats. Thanks.
Aiyo... Go out again ah...Cant la, v tired...
Good morning
lg got train ma?
Haha interested will always be but not enough money to go :(
Yo you transfer  <DECIMAL>  to me?  <#>
Happy birthday! I'm on your bus =P
Ur parents wan play? Cause I also going home soon. Haha
Of course it'd be ee cummings
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
Posb savings acct:  <#>Total:  <DECIMAL> hrsBreakdown:  <#> /9 3hr, 3/ <#>  2hr, 9/ <#>   <DECIMAL> hr,  <#> / <#>  2hr.Send me your results when u get them?
I know $ <#> tax credit this year woot woot. If not I wouldn't get anything back. I usually don't.
Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
Ok very good  <#>  points. I hope I dun fail this mod haha
Mhmm.
hmm... i haven decided yet. i go bathe first, think later. heheh.maybe wear the dress on uncle's birthday
Going back from lib
Wazzat
Hahahaha I just saw this sorry
I went yest! Lols this Thursday mayb?
Nice pics!
love ya.
Ya lo haizzzzzz spam arh! Compliment mah pig so cute! U see ur cuphaha... wa where got as good as talking to me =p
Hee no need. Mama give u choc cake. Hee
Ahh not out eh.
Going back to hotel rest
Theoretically yeah, he could be able to come
Dang... I didn't get it too! Seems that it's too popular :O
Ya. K.
Happy birthday doood
I can probably come by, everybody's done around  <#>  right?
partner, just remind u we meet 1130 at hotel
Huh... Waffle machine?thk u send to wrong person...
Yeah why not, is the gang all ready
I havent eat yet... Jus shopping ard lor... Neva miss u... U leh, got miss me?
Okay la
Thanks for helping films us guys. :)
730pm? What time will you reach here? Or do you want meet in town?
Come over here. I'll tip u REAL good
Hi.. Erm.. abt d camera, is it possible 4 me 2 make checks on d camera 1st b4 buying? Erm can i meet u at somewhere tt got pc so tt can check got dead pixels?
Where u now?
It's some werid shit going on with serial when i run analog write, even without setmove :/ Hard to say exactly what is wrong with the uno but yeah just get those few i don't think need anything unless you want another driver for dribbler.
Is 6pm OK?
I open my mouth when i see wilson's slides leh. I scare i disappoint   him sia.
Went to excerise today lor... Den ate a lot, so equal out liao... Haha, wat abt u den...
Oh okay.
Ok, i cannot let my dear too bored..
Done le. But try soon. U not on?
Yea :)
I think i knw
Homework haha..sup?
Kk.. I'll buy lunch home..
Ok look for u later when i online
Ok bye
Hi. I'm always online on yahoo and would like to chat with you someday
Balakrishnan J . . . Mob no  <#> . . . Itemized bill required for Nov & Dec.
Haha what the!!! I really forgot until my house doorstep! ><
From gan and yeow!
Sure!
I ate liao, wasup?
Heyyo when is math and physics test
Good night my wonderful girl!! I lub lub u!! Muacks
"Seth lives past the story's end"
Ehhhhh lynette says she will be contacting you all through email eh.Sooo for friday, dont have to go down.
Lol imma playing mahjong eh
Yup! Jio u? It's v near my hse run finish just walk hm
I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
Go sign up for proj management grp  <#> ! Faster go b4 we hab tochange grp cos random ppl chap in again
Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
Am in 4d btw
Haha baby baby baby ohh! Hahaha slap I will make you go 7 eleven butthe instant one you eat by yourself!!! Hahaha he already got the roomto himself this entire year!!
Oh... 2fast 2furious?
Yeah troublesome location. But so long as I am with you,it doesnt matter. I can accompany you dont worry. Anything you like. If you dont have the cash then it's fine k.
s ur nxt test date?
You see the requirements please
Ur phone is unreachablr
Oh hahahaha ya I heard abt their nv ending amt of work.lol.u can find back those pple in accenture mah sure can find alot of clients.haha.
Where  r u ?
Orh.. waiting for  <#>  hee
Hi Colin, turns out this wednesday daytime won't work well this week. Would you be free Wednesday evening to come up to The Warren after7pm to present your proposal?
Yea. How bout weds? When u free
Okay! Haha noo no veggies please): haha okay! I think I will turn onmy com only after I finish! Haha jyjy!!
Boo i've reached.
MBSREG NOKIA  <#>
Yay okay!! LOL PRO MUM.
mi waitin for er at e reception counter of le meridien hotel for her ya.. send mi her hp no k..
Yea ask the rest too
Where are you de.
Haha
Ehh!? Borrow tmr??? Haha check online!
Hey please call when free. Thanks :-)
t suit blast and I wanna conc on studies. But pls u shld give it a try w/o me, dun miss ur final chance.
Ya
Mast yar mje b autom0ble brnch leni he par india me uska sc0pe kam he bhai
Apparently the ed-tech prople don't recall seeing a mouse. They'll check and get back to me if they do
Aiyo. U so naughty! I so slpy
Watching Vampire Diaries now. Maybe start on it later.
Oh o.o did the rest reply?
Bro chk kiya kya
Hey leeping, are you able to pass me the money tonight?
Sorry kinda
Then 5 groups eh. We get some helpers to be part time gl too.
Daddy buy char shao shao rou rice for u?
Around  <#> h why
eh.. u can come online?
See the forwarding message for proof
Woke up late...will be late....paiseh!...
Hee.. Call u tmr k.
Lol i've been dozing off in class. Hungry eh. No breakfast.
Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
3pm
Lalala erp the lab is wat ah.no have tut isit?the tut is lab??
Tmr anytime or wed after 4? I'll prefer somewhere near serangoon, butyou mentioned west coast or maxwell?
So how Oo
U bought his present already? Then later how?
What is the meaning: jexeny shop
Hi...Good morning...Care to intro...
I have no money 4 steve mate! !
Hi, my love! How goes that day? Fuck, this morning I woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* I miss you !
heee. dear u wait for ten min then can collect tye welfare pack le ..at student lounge
U no need so fast leave house, bout  <#>  more mins? Cause ah Korstill changing and styling his hair. Lol. Haha
hmm..u nv reply me.. nw peak period?
Then the person knew??
Dear i am up :-)
Dnt open the file. Right click on it and there wil b an option like extract here through winzip. Left click on dat option
dar i go bathe. muacks:)
Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
Er, I got tuition at 8pm tmr, so got to leave around  <DECIMAL> .. isthis ok? Or Lunch can?
U r soundng so dull shonai.dnt b tensd.ssob thk hoe jbe.jst gv hm sm tm 2 recover.2i chap khele vb 2 kakima k2 chap khbe 2k dkhe.
R ü comin back for dinner?
May i know if they've to work during the wkdays or wkends?
hmm, what are the details? like pay, location, number of helpers needed etc
Andrw do u kw st lawrence website pls. RoZi *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Will be stuck in assembly until 4pm
Hlw krishhh.. Apki m0vie ka 3rd part kab aayega?:-P
yar driving test ke liye apni gari le jao?
Orh den okay la. My results end of month den get back
Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
Sry andrew, did u take medicine? Take care c u on sunday.
This is all just creepy and crazy to me.
Thanks a lot.
U at home?!
Hey tmr can save an extra seat?
Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
s doggie? Have u seen him yet? Bring him out walk walk lo..
Meet where
reali ah.. later ur mum complain again how?
Any time from  <#> ?
Haha what did you see?
Ohh yeah ryan not coming haha! Chester wants to come I think haha Itried to hint to him but he's like "reject ryan!" Haha oh wells!
Formal wear ah... Den can wear jeans anot...
Haha this prac quite slack! Fail results haha :P oh I used to alwayseat the udon! Haha and the omelettes from western stall to die for!!Haha I drink both coffee and tea ah! Haha oh where did you get themini ziploc haha so cute!
Yes lol now im on my way to meet ruyi le!
Hi shyan,  I'm also wondering whether you can tell us what chargesANZ will impose on us if we later decide to refinance with ANZ (e.g.,any admin fee).  Thanks! -Min
On bus, near toa payoh there le, reaching fab's house in  <#> mins.
chapter 7 ke koun se topic karwae hain emt ke
Fine am simply sitting.
They login thru wat?
Lol must be you eat so slow that you felt nothing was in your stomach. XD
Kk bring her along 2moro!
Mmm.. What time lecture ends?
hi, come back home now
No laptop/internet, havng dinner now
Okay Hahah
where ur love capes?
Pleased, 5 minutes Im there!
Ok
Alrighhhhttt =((((((((((=(((=(=(=(=(==(
Chester also I think x.x
ji
Wow so cool! Romance?! Lol faint haha! Your sms woke me up I fellasleep in my room:P hahaha noo I'm sure its not your fault.... If notit'll be worse xD
s very yummy.
Not yet ToT, but i'll receive it tomorow i think
No la sleepy. Lols but then 2moro test le
Wat man.? Go 2 slep im feelng 2 go 4 a bed
How you dear
We meet at 1115 instead can? Btw, ü wanna go for my hall bash in embassy on e 18?
<#>   <#>
Still stuck at the office. Will be leaving soon. Please.start first.
That's good. He'll forget one lah after he realized there're bettergirls out there. Oops.. Haha.
Yea i in lecture...haha...wassup?...
Haha coz you keep staying in my mind, cannot concentrate haha! No lahit's alright if I dun talk to you also will feel uneasy haha! Oh as inhow did you go msia? Haha I did lah just with my dad's car insteadhaha:P
Haha. Got drink water and eat Med or not?
you finish yoru project ?
Dear we got  <#>  dollars hi hi
The rest?
Hahaha im earlier. About  <#>  plus.
Should be done by eight. Pick you up later...?
See you in
Haha. I told u that he wants to do something in NYP right? But oforgot exactly which course. Pray hard he doesn't change his mind.Haha. Btw, i've seen da jum a few times in sch. I told him the benthingy, he gave me the wtf look. Lolx. Oh and seriously, don't worrylah, still can go uni through poly one as long as u maintain and beconsistent with your grades.
What message da?
Marsling and can faster see u le!!
Haha if we make it someday, we can spend forever together! :P but youreally dun think i'm heavy ah! Hahaha:P I think if I did that toSpencer he'll push me off his laps immediately hahaha! Dun miss thestop!
nai yar
Yes!! Hahaha blue!!!
Alright man. Chef yammy is in action liao. It's okay lah. We email toshow tt we care! Haha.
How are you. Its been ages. How's abj
Lol okay. Maybe I should search more for my phone.
Woah guy or girl?
Hi' Test on  <#> rd ....
LOL SHE ASKED??
Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
Screen flickers. Or also can tell them your screen suddenly blackoutthen laptop died.
Yes indeed hahaha thanks Master Kang!! See you on Friday!
Dunno if can go earlier or not, doesn't even look like there's gonnabe any run today.
it raining here
Hahaha yeah I only saw one dress that I like but its too formal lehaha more like a prom dress! Yup that one hahaha! Yup!!! Very cute!!Can show you later :P he's wearing a one piece shirt now! Yea, want toget on at bb? LOL.
Tired la.. eat hostel food
knock knock! dum dum i home le! get home safe dear! hee.
You got  <#>  bucks and a NI myDAQ; they need to make the medals so they will contact goh
Haha u shopping.maniac will stop buying one meh lol... so poor thingT.T... I treat u movie later lo lol... my one is first one read somearticle one then 2nd is see some pattern and write wat u tink it is
HARLO! When Ryan real bday? Tot its over?
PaisaPay We are processing November Payments. If you applied for payment withdrawal in Nov, you will get your payment this month. Invite Friends Now & Earn More
Thanks babe! You have a blessed year too! All the best for  <#>  xD
Yes, i'm fine with that.
Haha okay! Omg you need to rest!! Go home drink water, get a goodsleep! Haha my cluster mentor buying! Haha today is ecology! hmm, doyou mind if I ask you help me abit for my biochem?
Hope you had an enjoyable Sunday ... Good night, sleep tight.  :)
Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
I not sure le Lewis  just asking date :/ ps. When u free
Okay shall remove 'lor' then. Yeah wrap from time to time. The malemust quickly get the eggs becus the female will eat the eggs.
He speaks eng -.-
Its LT  <#> . Zzz
omgwtfbbq
Can i come in half an hr later... I nd to bath....Gee...
Sorry forget 2 tell u. Think dont wan, u all go ahead.
Ok all set
No iS assignment... ya and ticket class no set end time method I addin le.... now I test dunno y the data class de commuter array list isreturning null pointer exception leh
I wan! Erm they ordering food. U wan meet where
Ahh oh right!!!! Have fun!!!!! Do you think gan is free?
I'm coming, just late
Eh where u?
Yeah. I'll be meeting u all later. U can get more info frm shuling.Btw, give u all another task, can u all help me to think of what toput for the admin homepage? Haha.
Why u all gang him
K
Sometimes I strongly feel tat, I have enough hearts who care for me. But many of the times life proves that its just my imagination! reality of ma lyf gm
Andrw dnt tl aunty anythg.let her decide anythg.il adjust myself.ok.tc. RoZi
Ummmm kinda late >>
Oh ps reply ur previous msg! Lols thks I might cut later. Two imma inhostel now
2nite u wan gym? But nid help me bring towel shoe and pants lmao
Yeap should be! Ohh is it true way presbyterian? My bro's sponsorchurch for his cca haha!
City hall mrt, prolly be there in  <#>  to  <#>  mins
I haven't do leh. I'll try it out tml afternoon bah. Any prob, i'lllet u all know asap.
Don know. I did't msg him recently.
Hey ü going to sign up for amore?
Sorry loose
Don't think so lah. So late and tired already. Really sorry lah.Another time okay?
Then at least you have enjoyed your life till now. No regrets in the future. Biochem's disappointing. Just like chem.
He say dun tink they need part timer...How? U go crepes n cream ask la...Hereen 1...
Hey trung, do we have tutorial this week?
Dar want lunch at  <#>  later?
Hey Roy ask if u wan play bball nxt week?
Eh..paiseh.I won't be free on Monday coz I working till  <#> th..will send him my wishes instead.haha
I think go back home eat lor.
K
Noooo im going sch for astro tmddddd
Yeah lor! Thank you STAR muacks! Technically the sun is a STAR too LOL
U come my house eat lor...
Merry Christmas !!!
Post!
Sohjie yh YX chenwei Timo got 1st for frisbee lol
Sorry dad im going for camp discussion tonight.
Son of picollo is picollo? Wth?
Hi my buyer changed his mind. Still interested in the monitor?
Okay, I go down now?:P
May need to do project. Tell u soon?
Yup we went n came back oredi...
Ok no prob
s y ask u ma!i always anythin one.If u dun mind tmr 12plus she suggest den tmr den i msg u?
I will. They're talking out back at the moment.
K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  <#>
Ok.. love u!! Hee.
Got bus?
Call
Sure!  I ll call? Keep your phone with you..
Hi cleaning over?
Yeah should be! Nope:/ I handing in tmr morning leh, today not in sch:/
m in town now r we meeting today?
Oh tt. Eh nid study wad ar or nxt wk
Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
Oo visitors. I can go visit you if you want.
You have to sign onto skype and accept my request.
Me n my sis eatin bfast... Hee... U call me lor...
Really ah... I very bad leh, dun bother abt u...
Ha.
Hey, would u all mind if we've a wkday meet up instead since sylviais not feeling well today?
Ya :-)
Yes de.. It seems dey r coming next mnth...
In PGP?
Lol sure!
Oic. Okay okay.
._. He's at chalet!
Ya Sianz la. Shiok good table mate eh
Hey..solve my prob
Sorry, I'll call later
Get to pasir ris take  <#>  lol alight when u see a petrol station atthe right
Roughly how long will you be?
Wat the? Go where??
Kar Ann cannot run the server?
later we go where to eat?
Haha icic :P uhoh! Hahaha!!!! Next time I see them I wear my heelslor, will become taller!:D why did you tell them I said that anyway:Pthe popiah thing is super embarrassing leh!!
St george de.
I in sch already
Do you have his number?
I am free right now so lets play video games.
Ya he said he waiting for last alarm.
Oh yeah im sorry. So both nights for that price?
Dunno lei... Me outside now... U call home n ask them...
yep not too bad.. in mp now
Hahaha. Definitely qill do wrong dw. Ttz y hv funny story.
Is there current
Hahahaha oh well, tmr im ending 3pm lehhh
Haha yeap left chinese! No omg you slept at 3!! Freaking late le! Islept at 5+ haha! my dad coming to take my stuff eryi, later prollygoing back by myself!
Haha. Okok. Thanks for jioing
Alright.. I'm really sorry love
This phone has the weirdest auto correct.
Agak 1pm ba... Dun need to wait for me, u just order and eat first...
Haven't seen her recently.u 2 meetup must call me k.hope I can go.Coz  <#>  to  <#>  I gg m'sia. Later going shopping with <name> n hismum. Wow I totally cannot play one. Ask ur gf play with u. Heh.
Lol yup. Heng got  <#>  behind.
Yes
Lol nvm eh I can slowly wait while playing games.
Wat .? Abt the imp perns wordz
Wa ok...
Yepp
Hmm tonight got friends birthday celebration eh.
Havd u got angry now
Can to intro yourself
Cui lah. Haha. Sianz. Oh shit man, i forgot abt tt leh. I'm on my wayback le leh. Haha. Paiseh paiseh. I don't want to turn back liao.
This is Harish right?
Hi Dear.How are you?
WHAT WHAT IS WRONG WITH THAT IF THERE ARE PHOTOS THEY MIGHT END UP ON FB LOL
Hmm.now just board  <#> . Will u all still be at far east later?
No... Where got so fast, i juz reach leh... Die la... Some more got two session dunno can finish in time... If cant den ur go buy e food first lor...
Can
囧
g
m waliking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
Hehe bro as l0ng as i cnt.. Maybe til aprl.. Btw kamine tne id b unbn nai karwai na.. Chal koi nai..
<#> - loves u  <#> - wants 2 mary u  <#> -mis u  <#> - best frnd 4 u  <#> - ur real love  <#> - life long with u  <#> - hate u  <#> - not real love
Okay... Ü call us when ü reach... My drivin is at 240 tmr... Ü have 2 lessons? Or only one?
I try persuade andy. Haha
Lol where are you now?
Sorry I meant "remit".. thanks.
Lol simi taking in the market?bo bian 1 la how to change.arga arga lor.
And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
How you dear
U wan play cod?
Okay!
Don't forget fritos
I was tinking vid enough alr since other grp also Nth mch
m using him like t.. U tomw wat time meet lecturer?
Ok
Yup that's why even if it's tough, I need to bring astro through this somehow.
Haha oh ya later I bring you go underpass?
I dunno leh! Haha:P I dunno what to get!!!!
nope, zhenyi din say. There are auditions, u wanna try? i dunno when and i dunno if i gng myself.
Of coz man... I so innocent ñ pure rite... Ü Jus like ù øsø hor... Hähaa... Take care!
Haha okayyy so I ask cally to bring back home?
Ok sweety. I think u est first. Abit caught up herr. Bt I want to see u! !
need ur help fast. cal me ASAP
I'm not free until 3=(
Is it every weekends? Or got weekdays
Nooooooooo!!!!
s no dates available 4 dec oso...
Yup ok...
Ahh okay x.c
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
That is wonderful, now download and install wow, a lot has changed
V-aluable. A-ffectionate. L-oveable. E-ternal. N-oble. T-ruthful. I-ntimate. N-atural. E-namous. Happy "VALENTINES DAY" in advance
Coconut water lete ana cream wala
Haha where? Canteen got?
Okay ^^ <3
Mo
On  <#> .
I realy dnt knw u re
s on tv! chk out ch 8 now...
Oh. Tried another set of earphones?
Den we go out walk walk lah. I go fetch u.
Lol ok it's in lesson plan
No. Just nice before u message me my friend got call me. So I wake up.
Sorry. Wuz comparing companys wif my fren cuz i just got posted here. In sunny pulau tekong. Can i ask ù? Did ù think ùr seniors were all a lil stuck up?
<#>   <#>
Na you seem busy.  Its not a big deal
Yeah, just the Boston stuff
hi, how is your mother and the operation, hope all is well. pls send my regards
Hey cum soon d
Not sure sj running nt le. He yest went see doc den nvr come sch today
Yea buddies do play a big part. Hahas thks a lot pinky bro for urlife philosophy!
Maybe ard 6. Think i stop wk at 5 then go down should be around 6 liao lor..
We are pleased to inform that your application for Airtel Broadband is processed successfully. Your installation will happen within 3 days.
please bring your labcoat today.give me a misscall or message when u leave
Eh.. paiseh. . Just remember it's my sis' bday on 5july.. can changethe dinner to Tue instead?
Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
Angel: hai gstring,me chi female.u leh
Nah imma not sad. It's u wad. Gonna miss it eh
That's true. Next time we talk - obvs not over text
We at pc cluster on top.
I'm going out soon! go home for fun hehehe!!
No since she doesn't recognise me eveb though she saw me. Haha. Okaythanks. Tue i've a break from  <#>  to 2 and is free after 4.
Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot ü in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
1.writ note on climate of pak Ye kara 3rd chap ki ex mai hai yairay
Hmmm.hmmm:)
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
I'm good
Add
I am the gate for the sheep. Whoever comes in by me will be saved. I have come in order that you might have life- Life in all its fullness. I am the good shepherd, who is willing to die for the sheep. My sheep listen to my voice; I know them and they know me. I give them eternal life, and they shall neve
Shd be both ok ba.Friday I afternoon or morning like tat nid to go suntec queue up for some cheap sales.lol.newspaper chu buy wat netbook ah for $ <#> .might queue like dog.
Haha >< if I potato, I will most likely tell you de (: if not I willstill reply but sound v sian haha:P yeap! Today was western anywayhaha! Eat until v full ><
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y May God bless u!!:-)
nope
Hahahhaha I think oso is got la. <#> feb sounds late.haha.
We comin oredi... Meet u there...
Wen ru coming
Yeah here already. No lah,just wanna do my duty since I havent beendoing it for a long time and my mum have been asking me bout it. Thenafterwards just head home lor.
3 Girls walking on road. Parrot shouted: RED,GREEN,PINK. Girls knew tht was their panty colors Next day they didnt wear panty Parrot shouts: Trim,Shave,Curly.
Hihi. It's only for math lah come on
Hey tmr night wanna eat tian ji zhou for dinner? At kallang there.
Yeah kind of. Why eh?
Do good  <#>  mins to kill. Well, they make my sister write"classwork" in college. And grade it. Lifesig. Thank God we are inNUS
ok fine
Yay thks
scheme morr per ho...aakar le ja
U ask her last time la. If she Rly want den break lo. Since everytimealso she last min dun wan. Now she can't say dun wan alr
Jennifer anniston more attractive la.
oo.ok
HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY, HAD A COOL NY THO, TX 4 FONIN HON, CALL 2M WEN IM BK FRM CLOUD 9!
Hi, Doing what? You have class now?
Den where r u...
>
ok
Working late? Will prob work till eight tonight.  What abt you?
I m watch king tut. Lols tts wad mean by bass! BTW Berton ran  <#> sfor his  <#>  relay
Hm. Should be haha.
When is the earliest
Lol ok.I got lesson until 4 tmr.more zzz.haha.
Hmmm
JOLIN! GOT WATCH? V. CUTE LEH!
I took it already!!! My feet size is 7 or 8??
Kk (:
So 2moro go sch at 2?
ll be in sch too... Got proj meeting at 3...
Den how? Where got time buy? GG
Neh not yet. Think it's gonna be the market again sian.
I can go commonwealth take 100 right?
White now.
Wt?
Heehee... Remember to bring mandarin orange too k...
LOL WHY.
or wo jo last lecture ha wo bhi picture le kar email kar diyo
Oh you got many responsibilities.
I confirm with you by tml first hor..
Not in
Who is this
Haha so random! I believe sc room has some too! I rather fill mybottle with cold water then pour on ppl (: haha okay!
PI
Oei can reply or not
Tis news has been spread only tis mornin ma.. chicken cutlet sound nice., but dun appeal to me now.,thanks.. ;p enjoy it urself ü
hello there...r u free for lunch 2day?
Frosty returns movie
Got the answer?
Nope maybe lecturer will list out the topics tmr
Okay I bring red and blk markers
No. We goin straight there. Try to get xy along lah ü i give u a lift no prob
When ü login dat time... Dad fetching ü home now?
Difficult!
Most Innocent Prayer- A lttle gal was prying on her bday-"Oh Lord on this birthday of mine plz send clothes for all those poor women in my brother's laptop..
.. LIVE IT TO THE EXTREMUM :-):-):-) GOOD MORNIN BUDDIES ..
What de.
Helo.any1 want 2 chat? Please say u r a girl or boy n oso how old.....:)
Wah. Study hard! I will join you next week (y)
On the way to office da..
Haha... Say so la... Ya i not in yet, very free... Just went job hunting with deckie
4 u its not at al a mattr..bt 4 me:-(
Hey so when bball
leming last time also like that.
Have no idea. Just send at least <#> and it will be fine. It wont be anonymous to tianran though since he identifies by email.
Thanks
uber taint joad durf kwisThe last word must be highlighted, this is for the # 2
Early dinner at 5pm anyone?
Are you at afax orsomething
Good night! Miss u dipx dipx
Sup
Hey guys.. nus network is very slow now.. I dunno how long it takesto recover... can u all download a copy of the prezi and save in yourthumb drive just in case?
B'day mubarak ho.
wyd
pls check email. GBU Roshal.
Haha yea it works now yay! Haha yea the course ._. But I just sawthat the notice said knee length dresses for girls! Hahaha YEAH. and apink belt xD
Lols! Wth he say easy ar. Btw going chalet
s different.
Hey! That's  <#>  or  <#>  more than I'd get to before not being ableto gm hold myself up!
No la... Other pple wld have slam e fone oredi, haha, at least u still entertain me...
Sure. It's raining quite heavily here but got shelter. Cya later.
1.Hey is space in your group still available
s not an ans ...
Haha... dont be angry with yourself... Take it as a practice for the real thing. =)
U wan to take down the extra services page first?
Haha I'm not angry! Just annoyed haha coz if not cannot pass off asone of my cluster ppl! Unless you cross dress? Hahaha NO WAY!! If muchrather do mass dance!
Hi reached Singapore.. Plane didn't crash, reached on time, baggagecame in 1 piece, etcetera. And good morning! :-)
Ya...y?
Anna good morning..If u can c to dat boarding matter nd text me the TP number.. *Activate Rugby Alerts! Type Rugby & Send to  <#> *
Woo later I come find you all eh.
All correct ar? Yea later pass me Lo. Erm ass 5 u done?
Yeap lots of prata!!!
Please sms me your e mail id
Mum*
s movie still on?
I m feeling sad nw dear fren....
Lol house la. But the bus v fast de
Post!
Leav it.....
Home le
Oh  <DECIMAL>  movie.
Hmmm... Ya lor... Come to thk of it, lk startin to get v bz oredi... Haha, shoppin shall b my cca... So tmr we meet in class rite...
No anser frm baba.reloded  <#> . Mayb no charge.got ur earlier charger? She has problms in chargng.befo girls buk vans there baba has 2 set them.May God bless u.
s over liao...
Hi Gopi. Sorry to disturb you. But are you in your office now?Because I urgently need your help in filling up some research projectforms that are required for a science competition. It also requiresyour signature.
Tonight.
Oops ps! I just reached home! You want me to call now? Or I can call tmr:D
I dunno how go. So we erring at  <DECIMAL>  at lavender mrt
ll pass tis one...
Hi Yeng Chin, I'm at the toyota dealership to do regular servicing ofmy car today. The bumper repair is  <#>  inclusive of gst. I can emailyou the invoice if you give me your email.  Ok with you?
Will I be able to see him next Friday?
Hee thank you dearie . You really made me feel better today. It willtake time but eventually i believe everything will work out.
LOL SO HE SENT DIRECT TO THE PERSON? HAHAHA AWESOME!
Ah sorry! I was in Berkeley bowl!
Well don't always bourke it up, just don't explode lol
HI IS THERE ANY 1? IM NESH AGE 23F. KL. ANY 1 CARE 4 CHAT?
Thurs seems to be better. Around 5? Can?
Hahahahaha icic! Yeah of course can! I sit so far away also can tell! :D
Ohh as in go ntu lah! Haha yeah wed! haven't pack yet haha, I dunnoif I'm busy on Mon! Ohh right can you do your uni apps super soon?
Eh math honors got hmwk?
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
U'r nights crawlr na?
Soonish, yeah. I have to get up early to practice skills before class :(
Me male, 24,chinese
Just now forget to give u e cd, give u tom lah.
I tried to make my red shirt obvious =(
I didnt ct ur cl..ny wys nw i fl dat u dnt wnt 2 c me any mr.othrws there ws no point n cnclng 2days plan.moreovr u dnt wanna cm here.wl wake u up.tkcr
Comin back 2nite?
Okie so I send out to everyone after I done? Or u still got thing to add?
Haha ok lo lol... yup wev have plenty to study dun worry lol... u notsleeping yet?
I am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
Okay emo
U didnt giv..atlast min wat can i do so i askd them..wats wrong in it?
I dont
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Haha happy star must be happy everywhere! Ohh are your friends goingto be here, i'm shy!! Haha wow spam sia! Ohh yea I was gonna bathebefore you called, so my hair is wet now x.x
oh ya, their names are: Jasmine Ng and Lim Yu Wen Jaclyn..
Yep... u having breakfast without food?
Ohh ok ask Edwin tay open the room!
I'll text you when I drop x off
Charge him consulting fees
I dunno, I've missed a loooot of class xP
Haha nice! The <#> rest stops are so nice. You guys are going to                                  have so much fun!
I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
Hi! What time to what time? Btw, is this the date most ppl can make it?
Abe soya nhi abhi tk?
It鈥檚 the thing that satisfies ur mind, body & soul! Do it on bed, on a sofa, in the car or anywhere! It鈥檚 called Prayer! God bless ur naughty mind. Gud Ni8..:-)
Wishing you a blessed Chinese New Year to you and your family!
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
Warner now
Haha we definitely need more people to lighten our load.
yup, enjoyed myself yesterday. they ah... satay making skill not asgood as uncle. ha ha. jk.. they quite frenly
Wahhh okay let fabian cook. He will cook until 7 plus lol?
Ok bye
Lol ok lo buy ba.
wat u doin nw???
Aft yr work la...Dunno where...Town?
I'll be there in 5!
Can you call me please
Ya
Nice xP how's that going? Also, can you call me if I crash?
Doing last min project. Wat where u doing
Ok
Yup.
Ok thanks for inviting!
Haha yeah I think so too, I dunno when he started playing, he justsuddenly ask me "what's this thing with alot of qn marks?" Haha omg mybro reading shojo, I cannot imagine! Haha really meh? I thought I notso girly ah haha:P ohh>< dun have to ah! I can do that you want? Hahait's not new, it's at redhill mrt there haha! Oh next time take you goeat the curry rice near the mrt, not spicy at all one! Haha it's notreally laggy leh surprisingly, I helped my bro catch up to lvl  <#>just now!
Pinky brother I wonder whose bday izzit? Happy bday now can gocheerleader and find gals!
I think it glitched before Ruth the band's but the directions wereright.. that makes more sense
haha.. ok..
Could do without all the damn dancing tho.
Had food?
gudnyt, mis u
It*
Going to see tonight second show:-)
Kaavalan Rocking in  <#>  Theaters in Malaysia And Kaavalan Tops this week at No 1 In Most Of The Sites :) Vijay's Mass Redefined :) PROUD TO BE A VIJAY FAN
Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love
Ay ü all wana go gay club instead?at clarke quay
Don't mind if I do!
s hawker centre close lei-for cleanin.
Now at hospital. Shiok 2moro sentosa then drink
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Not jelly crystals. But some powder thing. E jelly crystal they have, but no mango flavour.
Hahaha my alarm clock rang! haha coz raghav smsed me! Oh help mecheck my email for the prom email if your com is on! My pw is 2oo <#>hahaha I dunno what I am yet! Increase to  <#>  haha but includeseverything like transport and haircut and new clothes etc haha:P Ithink I should save like at least a hundred though haha! Ohh going tomeet him now! Whatcha going to do today?
Awesome. Okay 3pm at expo eh.
No... I jog like 2 rounds den feel like dying liao... But too long didnt exercise my legs feel v funny,so decide to go today... Hehe...
Are you sure?
Quite ok... Nothing much exciting recently though.  Juz waiting eagerly for my ord. One more year to go.... Haha. Wat did ü buy today?
Hee ok dar now resting le call u in ten min
Yup im done haha.
Where is the chalet?
Waaa emo! No railway?
there gt space?i go find u..
K
Yes OK. Will do in a bit.
Yeah I will still come even if you can go to the chalet,dont worry. Regain faith! I give you faith!
Lols I got palm size stringray! Dam big
Me too. So wan to stay with each other everyday hor? tmr can meet le!
pay my regards to ur family, specially ur mother hows she now plz update.
Not yet... Readin...
Yara?
hi, i'll be reaching in abt 2 mins.
My aunt haven cook, so I tell her I eat at home.
Lols okay lo. Bye son
Them*
Whoa whyyyyy. Okay get more shrimps then.
Yep, three years too. I stay with him when I'm home, they're all toomuch to handle lol
am coming
Where are you and mother and yun
Dear sleep le ma?
ok. very happy if you can finish early then I can see you
Ooo:o how did you find out then! Haha oh right! Haha but need to havea car to drive! Haha its not fast x.x haha orh! (: I just got yourmsg):
Where r u? U drove?
Madipakkam
Ok thks!
Did u have a gd rest my dear?
Yep, minus Jeff
izit??? i gt ask u meh! whr gt?
K.k:)when are you going?
Hi.
He put on ur table le
I 2pm going over to her house there.
Oh eh I dunno! confused x.x just scan both?
WHAT IS THIS.
Den u park in sch la... If not den u bring it to lect lor...
Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
hey <name>, how's ur fren n ur appeal results?
Korean! Wat time is SAT, nid bring wad?
We eating ur fave crabs tonite...
How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
Thanks for the info. Do you have some reference books that I can refer to for more details?
Ho.. Gud chicks dere.. ? Hav u gt any chicks dere ?
Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
Oh ok lor can.haha.
3:20 reached
Grilled chicken, sour cream
Our usual place seems occupie.. we might have to shift to PGP.
Ooo I see you smsed me earlier by I didn't receive!
Eta?
Is dance prac still on?
Yea may be slightly late though ps
Early to class? Lol
Wah. She's good lah. Can sing and can dance. I dl her mini album liao. Haha.
R u gonna donate blood today?
Haha I just got your msg what the! Fell asleep on the table! Haha shein ws's exchange, but do far only turned up for one meeting! Okay (:check later? Dunno why my thumb hurts!
Yes
To watch epl highlights. Then i drive to sch for proj meeting. Haha.Like ah xia kia loh. I changed le also leh.
You got go out later mah?
Office is closed for the day sa
Sure?
Nothing! Just saying! you must be really put off by sth I did!
Ooo okay!! (:
Hey i having trouble with e stocks qn leh... Can ü do it?
Hey i eat dinner w u k... But i juz reach home, so will take some time to come out... Where u wana eat...
Possibly mebbe?
Ok ji dekhte he aap b kitna jaldi pata lagate ho..B-)
can u help me bu the abalone in can one? My mum wan to buy. c if convenient then help me buy 2-3 cans, can? thx a lot!
Intro na intro
Good news: changed compass, i2c works. Bad news: pwms don't, have to switch pins around
Walao niaoooo nvm not like i nvr try before at the store
Ok.we 2 nia meh.
Nice tasty rice
Caw caw.. hey, you have  <#>  posts! But yeah, poor musicals =/ Ijust don't understand why it's so hard to do them -.-
bblg u r so wonderful!
Everyone, ate in the mtg room today... Had dry macaroni. Soupy type is nicer.
Until 3... Come come!
No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
I left my 4252 stuff under my table in a plastic bag
What time you finish
Hee. Can already. Lesson changed to Monday.  So I can meet u fordinner anytime.  :-) :-)
It totally was! The lights flickered and a huge breeze went throughsomehow (seriously) and all the stuff on the wall rattled...
She lives across from Mark
Okies, no problem. See ya there!
Hi,Please ask your brother to help you out in the work
I'm helping my grandma out this sat... sorry... you only filming on sat?
m stuck in mango... Shoppin!
Where are you ah?
s not confirmed.Hope you get well soon.May you be free from physical sufferin.
Haha so your choir ended yet? Haha it's okay de lah I knew you hadchoir what! And you finally spelt it right!:D hahaha I'm not with themnow! We meeting at plaza sing!
Well I'm glad! Haha
Tmr u fetching mum iszit?
Sumne thamashe ge..
Ditching me for that stud muffin of yours thats where!!
Play w computer? Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
hihi! m i too late to start now?
Chibi overslept haha!
Need a lift soon.
Haha.. Yea, stuff there is really cheap.. Nope, dad went to buy.. Waiting for him to come back.
Flash Nwz : Nxt week dinu is going 2 propose ann ?
Hey this is girisha.. Can you resend me your email address.. :)
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
t make it... I only free on wed.
Haha ps someone opened my msgs! LOL no la I probably didn't do toowell! Oh another one?!
Hug (: didn't get to say goodnight, so yups, goodnight! Today wasinteresting haha! Yeap, sleep on you on airplane! Sleep tight andsweet dreams my dear ryan!(:
Haha we dun own gold stuff, haha maybe if my grandma looking for onecan ask hehe! I'm referring to the haruhi omg! LOL OKAY. let's nottalk about it:D do your essay!
That ryan is obviously losing by leaps and bounds! Haha I dunnoNelia's boyfriend well, he also treat her super nice and everything,but I think you're better coz you're my soulmate! You're the best!^^haha SLAP. I fell asleep for one hour omg! Time to bathe ~
<#>  w jetton ave
Lol you go meet him then bring him down to help us hahaha
No lah, i wanted to msg u earlier but forget. Actually also a bit bored lah..Hee
Nothing spl..wat abt u and whr ru?
Uncle brought a box :p
It vl tak time da..come day aftr tmrw
Never use pressure cooker?
Okay thanks! Can talk about food, attractions, what we do forrecreational activities and singlish? Heehee maybe can also talk aboutthe kiasu culture? (:
Ah. Free. Pity you don't have cool android phones. Oh yeah you do!Pity its not cool enough..
Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with
If ur actions inspire others 2 dream more, learn more, do more and become more, u are a leader...gud nun tc abhi - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
Enti unava
Hee. Confirm!! Dear enjoy your spaghetti.
Haha there's no one in the house to bug!! And my bro is watching mylittle pony ._. Hahaha it's damn random!! Why dun wanna cycle! Hahait's a serial drama! About uhh ths group of ppl working in some hugeforest with dinosaurs in it! futuristically prehistoric hahaha! Whyyellow and so random! Hahaha!
Ooo is her house nice?? (: haha my trips overseas are generally twoweeks long haha>< do you want anyth from nz!! (:
Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao...
Can't 7
12 meet can a
That's for garden terrace or what?
Call me when you are on the way home
Mum, hope you are having a great day. Hoping this text meets you well and full of life. Have a great day. Abiola
Wat time end. Eat out?
Yeap took.haha.the assignment like everyone do well de cos is the TA mark 1.lol.the coding not really difficult just present tat time Swee Swee can lo.the lecturer nv see ur codes much de.
ook.. u so early go ar.. i haven buy the sparkling juice. hehe
Eat macdonalds lor. Maybe next time i cant let u go back toni n guys.
At lab. Going soon
Yeah.
I love u ao much deeeearie gorgeous lp muuuacks
probably the same
Hey want cooker d
Dear reached home.
Ok..
Hi aiya im in Jeevani madam's room now :)
s bd in 2wks. we buying present. u join us?
All 3 days?
Tt one is early de. Okay 2moro meet at simei 9
Then again, their capital is taken and like two ships come
hm. Should be lah. I need to buy laptop too... I meet ü in the morning?
Haha detectives?
Okay sure! Hahaha yes yes she seems a little sian o.o
Poke poke poke! Prices and ticketing not out yet ~
Say this slowly. Jesus Christ, I love u & I need u, clean my heart with your blood. I can feel you standing next to me. Let me kneel beside you and surrender my heart to you. Send this to 5 special people & will see a miracle 2nite. Pls DON'T IGNORE.
eh. i think got link. just follow instruction only. u need for?
Hey sorry I will be around  <#>  min late
Hi ranger.
Night love, I love you so so much! I'll talk to you tomorrow, get some rest =)
Hah.. I still heading over as well
Ohh good lor
Lol.. u just ended?
Pui.lol.take 8 MC.hahaha.eh I think mi n Sam not going.Tian long I not sure still.
Tell him he v gd lor. Thanks 4 his Great Idea!
Help me buy marshmallow if u c any... Plain one...
Got lesson! How's sj
Oh xt said about 4pm. But we will contact you and jm when we going down eh.
Haha>< this is messed up haha. I can only rmb, now I dunno if I can apply le:/
Noice
Yes, and I love you good night babe <3
Ok!
Some random one at Yong siew toh o.o haha one of Beethoven's symphonies!
No da:)
Later we eating at ard 6pm becoz gw got something on after the tut.
Why wanna get in so bad. Year end got other shitz wad
Hee.. my hubby ar. .. I love you!!
No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
Tere name se he ac0unt?
Caw
Neva mind..Call u?I hate to sms.No feelin involved.
Hey do you all wan meet Mr lim for tip 2moro?
Should be ok.
He nvr reply
Gl shoe wet
Goodnighttt. I have no idea. Where are we going first? What we gonna do?
Call wrong
No no leh.
Where ?
Kk
LoooooSer
Fiveyearpk.com khol lo.
Yo! You in school today?
WA.. so long.. then you want to meet later?
This week I can't make it, unless tmr morning, next week preferablytues or fri bah!
stop talking about william now
Heading off soon. Love you!  Turning phone off.
Hehe bytheway meri nind gayab h0gai agar apko ninni nai alahi to th0di jaan pehchan ho jae:-P
Are we going to the airport soon?
Tis week no volleyball?
New thoughts... New hopes... A new begining... IT'S  <#> ! Warmest wishes for A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU & TO YOUR FAMILY! :)Thusitha.
Not sure.. She is not home yet.. I'll wait for her to come home..
(Dear dear dar dar. Thankew for being so sweet to me. Thankew fortaking me home. Thankew for being my lougong. Hee.).replaceall("thankew","I love you!!",ig ).
Ok nvm then. BTW u 2moro going kayaking?
Ok ~
Normally i use to drink more water daily:)
lol! i was just gona send ya a message saying that you can come at night :D
老公宝贝dumdum!! 路上小心！<3 <3 you! -_-zZ but dun miss ur stop ok!!
On the road so cant txt
But I thought you didn't eat them?
Dar still awake ma?
Ng See Teng S <#> I  <#>
yoz.. kor u free ma?
Yes :)
ve guessed too... K la, dun disturb u liao... Swt dreamz...
I dun know!! I'm asking my bro who is still sleeping.
Wao na kr !
t even know her..
Its really good.
Ok
Send to someone else :-)
DILLON'S. LOL.
FAINTED SO MANY PPL LIKED IT. yeah it was cold yesterday! Huh oh nothen he just very blur is it? Find him the minus one to practice withart home! So did you get all your forms back? My phone went flatyesterday!
Thanks!?? dng work or zzz now?i d??n disturb ?? la,can give m?? morning call at 7tmr?thanks!
Tomorrow then? Lol
help me on tv..
Oops. I meant u have a good night too. :-)
I like you
Hahaha =P
Choir practice after 6 pm mass okay....
You O Lord, are all I have, and you give me all I need : My future is in your hands. How wonderful are your gifts to me : How good they are ! You will show me the path that leads to life; Your presence fills me with joy and brings me pleasure for ever. Psalm <TIME> ,6, <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-) :-)
sorry just now I was bathing so I did saw ur message. I on train le,reaching in  <#> mins.
Going in already
ya.
Hee. Miss miss u.  Just now praying. Couldn't reply I eat le. U?
How long more?
No
I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
Mesho is bringin a cylinder so he is takin a cab so i m bringin all d luggages includin ur suitcase
Go home safe sweety. we will check ur shirt soon. Hee!! Double kissesfor yei tei. Can't help but smile with u. Hee.
am busy
Haiz anyhow la. Why waste so mch time. I gonna sleep after learningphysics ans
Jay up yet?
Ok di
m a teacher.u?
ORD
AND LET'S KARAOKE TMR. LOL
Haha nv. I did ask her if she's celebrating valentine or not and shesaid with frens. So its better not to ask her now. Shld have ask herhp no though, cos the next time I see her may be next next Mondayclass.
Hee im playing mahjong le.
I send??
Post! "This is moving a little fast for me..."
What time. I may be there at 8+
Wahh eat ho liao never call me lol. Okay la shouldnt disturb yourgreat time with family. Haha enjoy!
Nvm. By mon  <#> pm finish can liao. Haha.
Rest assured that evaluation forms are looked into with lot of intrest. However we are in the process of using this evaluation more effectively. We have recently set up a cell in UOl naming Quality Enhancement Cell. This cell is developing comprehensive mechanisims for evaluation and then to gather quantitative data for implementation. Can you please inform me about your department. I will pursue the concerened HOD to do the needfull. Nasir
Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
Rly meh??
dar dar, 记得盖被！老婆会想着你的！ 晚安
Ahhhh ummm ehhhh sorry I didnt bring it out today.
Hello h r u
Latr.
ll last... U goin?
great! its crystal jade at holland village. let's meet at  <DECIMAL>  alright? pls also help to ask other 'old' scouts. I have made reservation with a few more to spare.
Just rounding up.
Hey pinky... U forgot to take e notes frm me...
..!..
Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
Can u msg my hp 0168596707
Ok, can. Haha. Was asking weigao today, then he was wondering howcome I know u making barley.. u go read ur storybook, but rem to takesome rest also:-)
Yea! So Joel signing us up then!
Lol. God father. Me.
Love was not put in your heart to stay. Love is not love till you give it away. Good day!
RC  <#>  =  <#>  Loc SMS free. Know fun and positive facts about Urself with your Date of Birth. SMS DOB (Your DOB) to  <#> . Eg.DOB  <#>  Dec.Charges Rs.3/SMS
I'll ask around
4 wot fuck?
Hi Shyan, my email address is  <EMAIL> .  thank you!
RIP
5min da
Haha thanks alot! Have a good day too! Let's meet for supper when youare free.
m not working today, need a break n go shopping... E rest, when they free?
LOL I DIDN'T KNOW UNTIL JUST NOW CAN. haha he not familiar with thesong is it? Hahaha icic!! All dun want to be detained!
Then too bad for me lor .. anyway doesnt really matter also ..
Could very well be. :-) Any place else you'd fancy going?
Ohh sorry!!! I'm reaching very very soon!
Ugh just got outta class
Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
Dun need to cross da road... A pa say wait at da bus stop ü alight...
Jurong East mrt now.
Hahahaha then I told him I'm wearing same colour as you then he waslike "omg of all people????" LOL I hope you aren't emo LOL
Kranji le bblp
Oh and yeap we took that one! Still dun think I am! Wow omg so high!What the wow:o haha yeah I also dun know if I can handle the workload!Yeah but need to see if still eligible right!
Yup because deep down they think they are cool using that hahahaha
We meeting  <DECIMAL> , see if you can make it.
Yep I saw it
Ooo.. I think later got lunch provided. Hee.
Thnq u sir.. pendrive rcvd thre,me wil colct it frm thre 2mrw. Thnq u, tried to call u, nt gettng u ovr phne thts y msg..gudnyt..
coz i haven done much research yet, wld prefer to meet on wedinstead, then can get more info. u found anything alr?
Google doc can do ppt kind anot ar?
Tje airtel ke kbi blnce wale rechrg krwana ho to mjhe b0l dena me sbi ki m0bile bnkng ke thrgh kr sakta hu..
Go home safe sweety laopo
Okay! I will! Promise! (:
With class at suntec now, will leave before  <#>
Yeah haha quite sian! Oh Sankar! Why is he emceeing? Haha ohh shucksI forgot! Later I'll ask when I have meeting!
Yea thanks JJ! Cya lec tmr.
s 79 for e cheapest one, den ex one is 135 lor...
Wed
Tml ba.
i left use case desc.. gt tutorial at 2. i upload at 3?
Do you have icq or msn? Whats your email.. Yifeng here
why ?
Hmm no idea eh. 1pm?
Ohh okay!:P hahaha yeah the bride quite chio! Yes omg I watch untilthere liao yucks. Disgusting! That guy tasted it!!!! Yucks!!!!!!  Ohhyeah I kena taupok by shahid before, forgot who else! It was err veryrandom ah, during council chalet! Chris they all also taupok-ed me!Hahaha ooo! Tuna??
Hope its starting now. It'l be midnite when u reach bd. Anyhow I'm keepng din 4 u. May God bles u.
It's snowing!!
Sms-ing each other at the same time! Heehee...
Wanna join us for tron?
Nijampet
Haha you want mine? I brought mine today. Lol
your brother is ntu grad ah ?
Haha im suppose to station myself at the escalator. So later you comefind me eh. XD
we shall meet next day?
Yea
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
I know she called me
8? lol
Haha my situation is now if I write about more then I Ned to covereverything liao which will be very long lol... dun worry I tink I notgoing for.the tut le lol... haha 4 tummy! We are typo king and queenlol
Oh gosh we just woke up, sorry!
s break...
Ok
Then still waiting?
Can't sleep, wish I could hug you now haha! goodnight!
A-
Great! Thank you!
Wat the. Then where u now?
Yep unless you have a mega somewhere. Btw i got the gaui we assemble together
Haha good then or my poor panda wait kung fu them then tml headlinelol... small coconut jelly! Haha macchiato too ma fan for u le lah
Okay hurry up.
hello <name> enjoy ur 2nd day at work! 生日快乐：)
With one arm? Oo
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
Hey xin... Can i borrow ur charles n keith coupon... Saw a pair quite nice lor... But e coupon got any terms n condition anot...
Okay, ur grp disperse already ar?
Can u go?
Hmft
Imma on bus le. Sry!
In dad car. Why le
Both with pearl
Hahaha yeah see if tmr I can meet up with him.
Man>< feel damn bad! Psps!
Yes and the cat enjoyed it as much as I did lol
Idk Got some space in between?
Haha... Ya... So see u on sat la...By e way wat time ar
please return my dress.. have my sisters wedding this week:-@
OKay :-)
Serious? I hate chem. My worst subject now
Ok Andreu! Have a nice day. Be mindful 2 setle ur leave mater. May God bles u.
LOL lame then you can join them!! 2 more stops!!
Hihi just to check are you singaporean?? Need to fill in hahaha!
Orh you laugh at your mummy you evil woman.
Going to office...
Oh it was supposed to be D: not x:
Coa by t4wk <#> ?
m sittin at e orchard boulevard, next to e control station, u reach liao den come find me...
Is there anything important 2 say? Good nite. May God bles u.
Lols how? Pass u now?
:) ok.. C u there..
Kk
At dinner, what's up?
me male hw abt u 173300
No issues carry on.trying the other guytoo.insha allah.keep praying that we face less difficulty.
Okayy
We got time.if you got the external.harddrive!
Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
Dear rem to eat k  sayang ur head
Uh huh it's fine! Why not?!
..!.. why can't  <DECIMAL> ?
Yes, please.  Thank you. :-)
Hihi sorry can sign for me if the paper is being passed ard already?I'm having stomach ache now>< my marks should be  <DECIMAL> !
Hey where r we meeting for dinner tonite?
Oh?isn't tat the carpark there?
wed befotr the ubs yhing lor
Is toshiba portege m100 gd?
not be sad
dar dar u coming tite?
Lol even better stuff later
Not in
I love yooooou
Yea I noe :(
Ok sure.
Hhhutddfjiuytedvhjigxbbjihdssweyugggyuhfft <#> *'&$----ghbhdxshjbbhfssrgcchi
Cant make it for astro today.
Seriously. My new biggest fear would be the voicemail being deleted
Lolll next time I bring peanuts to lecture!
Btw I've picked up a women gender person sorry
Ok, have a good rest let me noe when will be suitable to bai nian la...
han
Nope dont think so.
Coming out now... My jeans us just ready... Cos cant put in dryer thru out else will shrink...
Okay
Okay, sure.
Haha no no dun need! My dad told me go eat my dinner haha! Want me togo find you?
Cannot so soon. Cause I now going to eat dinner. Haven eat yet. Or ucan call fab and Jason see whether they wan play with ur mom or dad.
Ps was sleeping
Yei yei I go slp le.  Tml call u up.  Muuua ks
Eh.. I think it's in the last lecture notes or somewhere in ivle.
Haha okay^^ eating breakfast at t3 b2! Are you on the way home?
Tues got arp lols can't
Oops. I forgot. What time are we meeting? I was still checking theemail inbox for ur mails..:-P
ok, thanks.
Eh i tink tmr abit diff...I haven started on stats
Not sure. U rushing off meh
dono wildfire aur touch diamond2  <#>  tak ke mil jaein ge
<#>  I ll try.  <#>  for sure.
Hey 2moro going into water?
0k bhai try kar plz kafi tym bd mauka mila he
Haha orh! No lah hahaha not necessarily! I never got stomachache frombbq before! Ohh my disturbing! If the monkeys come find you, bye bye!
gen shen,? you qing gen jian gu? dui ma? bu guan ni you shen me kan fa? bu yao wei zhe me yi dian xiao shi er hui le wo men de you qing hao ma? Please.
Haha... Okie... Luckily i was napping juz now, if not really go online liao...
Hey you there yet... ?
That's really true, yeah I can understand
kidhar tak ha
Okay thanks!!(:
I just finished lunch. Hee. Baobei eat already hor?
Yeah, will admin should be able to.
Stop calling everyone saying I might have cancer. My throat hurts to talk. I can't be answering everyones calls. If I get one more call I'm not babysitting on Monday
remember to   spend christmas with  chua and company
Of cos got la... I bought boxer 4 dada, candles n macadamia 4 mama... Got chocolates, almonds...Accessories....
Kallis now
Hahaha!!! Omg so super cute!!! Hahaha heng was like feelinganticlimax after the second line, she thought it was going to be sthsick!:o haha ^^ okay okay!! Concentrating! I aim to sleep after rollcall (: so you are just slacking now?
Oh chey my phone lagging again._. Haha dun have but it's okay I'm hungry!!!
Fun =)
muack, wan an
be happy
I dun noe...depends on whether papa  is using the car or not andwhether he allows me or not lor...
just now i see you!
I okay ar. But i tell the rest, then confirm with u? Wait for my reply again.
I dunno ~ suibian! (:
i call you leter
Yay v^^ haha they may not recognise me ah, I seldom go there haha!
Ya la... eh where u now? U wan go eat
This message is from a great Doctor in India:-): 1) Do not drink APPY FIZZ. It contains Cancer causing age
i thought of calling you yesterday hun :)
s yrs? Lea yr real name?
m home... Thanks for sending me back.. Quick go hm n rest... Take care!
At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
Can, but meet so early?
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
Finishd record?
Feel like gymming at clementi then swim then eat le. Ask yx?
Bring ur passport details too!
Haha no! If he was I wouldn't say bye! I'll say hi! Haha yeah but Ithink can improve ah!
Bluray clarity.
Ok c ü then.
Wa I want koi too! But machiato bring to my house also die le lol...find ur machiato ?
你怎么海不回家呀。再不回来我们就不要你了。
Haha. no problem. i from soc year 4.
Iodoform results in isomers meh
Yo you want koi?
Okay. Monday loh. Can?
Will calm u later
Fizaao k badalne ka intzaar nahi karte aandhiyo k rukne ka intzaarnahi karte jab yaad aati hai, msg kar dete hai hum KANJUSHO K msg kaintzaar nahi karte..
God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
Don know..wait i will check it.
Oh, nvm then. -)
Yeah chem is quiz! (: okay ((: haiz haha I just hope today passes by fast ><
i dunno.. she say she wan pau..
K..carry on dude..:-)
Whnevr boys see a beautiful grl wid cool Figre Lng Hair Fair Complexn Dey remind d Tata Sky slogan.. Isko BAJA Dala To life JHINGALALA...
Come la...They all v friendly 1. Got jac lei...
S
Icic ..the 8mc mod.. good luck on that one!:-)  btw I think we'lljust exchange other contact details when we meet on Fri. :-)
Hey, wanna eat now? We're at biz canteen. Chunmin is here also.
Haha go shopping la. You got one month nv buy rings le right lol.
<#>   <#>
Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
When he need it?
I shall! :)
Moon said to me, if ur friend is not messaging u why dont you leave ur friend.I looked at moon and said does ur sky ever leave u when u dont....gn
Oh but pk says he will take abt  <#> mins only. Thur korean bbq u on or not?
What else can I say to that lehh?
U can..
LOL ... No just was busy
at my tutee's hse, helping her fill in the application form..intrrnational students super troublesome..
You will go to walmart. I.ll stay.
Hey gals... Ur still wana go 4 facial tmr, e gal din call me, i dunno still on anot...
ll b goin aust nxt wk... So sad, den i cant make it 4 ur party liao...
Oh... Ok i will check with you tonight?
Never eat. Go home first.
*either
Scan copy bhaja di hai email id pe vo collect kar lena
How many going?
Castillo funeral home
Joey: HELLO R U GUY OR GAL? ME GAL
Hmmm but tmr meet online oso can't really do much ba.I dun mind meeting.but most likely I think Thurs need to meet again de.
LOL yes. Next time I shall show you, it is really unglam!! Hahahayeah so fast!! Hahaha poke!
How is ur result ar..I heard out already..
Dear i am up
What happened?
Hi Sue, thanks.   I have arranged a transfer of  <#>  to take effecttomorrow.  That was already previously scheduled.   I've now also sentthe remaining balance of  <DECIMAL>  to him.
I told
Hahaha yeap close enough bah!! Haha I know you won't^^ haha is ithahaha oh no I think I really very chibi leh haha you seem to be ableto put your arms around me very easily when i'm sitting on you haha!hahaha poke your sis! Yeah he is noob:D LOL is it coz I keep thinkingof ways to kajiao ppl hahaha!!!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Btw, i think meet liang court is so obvious that we're going loh. Ithink yammy won't be surprise to see us. Haha. But it's okay, we stillcan go eat and get the grapes from u! Haha.
Ok.. what time u free tmr?
I do more than u...
Lol musho is really confused after today
Have dinner then. I had a snack. Quite full so will have something light later. Please eat your dinner first ok?
3 science and one math haha! Wow how does that work haha, how manysubjects do you take anyway! Today is my shortest day hahaha
Is that what time you want me to come?
Haha means I need the forms and the money.
T?
Oe han mai to bhol gya tha tere pass  <#>  ha
Fun fact: although you would think armand would eventually build up a tolerance or some shit considering how much he smokes, he gets fucked up in like 2 hits
Hi Wai Peng, Min here.  Wireless connection may be a problem.   Someteams are now on very slow connections. But we are not sure why.  Wallstreet journal and engadget are not loading properly as are problemswith the connection to Elseviers systems.  Can you check on it?Thanks!
I am going to collage will come late don't wait for me.
Maybe haha!
Sms my hp, 0168596707
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Yei yei where r u
Haha lucky my wed de assignment I read up while doing tut le lol...wahahaha so poor thing give u a kiss of energy *muack*
me in soc now
Lol? Sesame street?! Why see that?!
HAHAHA YES OMG IT'S DAMN FUNNY HAHAHA HIS SIS SO CUTE HAHAHA HOW OLDIS SHE HAHA ARE YOU OKAY PIDGINS
Ü noe da ma ma jie jie rite... Ü noe wat happened between shan ni n her mother...
Ya wan?
Ohh,it was in the past exam paper om espace luhh
You choose comp life sci? ? Still have to bid for some modules... Only the food sci module dont have to bid
I am sorry. Really sorry.
Ah? Lol I take private de, so it's the same car you've been training on.
Haha where! Idm ah haha :P but my lappy won't last so long I think!Hahaha what!!!!!!! I can walk got half an hour!!!!!
Dinner yo
Hey I changed some diagrams for task 8.. u take a look at it?
hi honey
Haha, i watched already... Sorry. Anyway i made other plans for tmr already, go out another time lah... Ü enjoy yr birthday party babe..
Yoyo, report at  <#>  at general office for the sutd preview!
when can i meet u ? will be at south spine till 330
Wha then tomw whos going? He need us do anything? Ok i ask leona now.
Haha yeah still abit sick! Sian hahaha no more blocked nose but mythroat hurts haha x.x hahaha so are you going to come on time today?
What is the name of the software that you asked serial number.
tmr i got driving... 1245 slot.... Meet ü after that ? The puzzle is almost complete... Left the eyes and ears and nose
Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow
Got ur chem ass back?
Aww lol
Hahaha you said promise leh. So if tmr never bring again then youwill need to do something for me eh. :-D
Hahaha ok.gd gd too.thx lol.
Please pass me the namecard which says w3 with . <#>  for  <#>dollars one..b4 u fly off...i might want to buy...
Yeah I think it's loose.
Whoops sorry! We usually go to the library a little later and stuffs
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
m going to reach soon... Ü lei...
Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
Telok blangah lo.
m near sch but stuck in jam...
Lol wah now me. Haha never mind eh once in a while bad guy it'salright, for im always so kind and good.
Anytime will do for me yay
I dont know where I place it. Cant remember.
Love you :-) my life
Good timing!  See you soon.
Thanks.
Ya.. want meet where later?
Bout  <#>  meet changi village
Yeap LOL raghav warned me too XD he's awake le!
Brother, not free for pool tonight.  Next time.. K..
Hee. Chou Chou I went to buy chicken cutlet. Now waiting for bus. Love u much!
call ernesto
Chal mai b try kr ra hun ab
Just done. Meet you at forum?
Opps... Send wrongly... Gee...
yes, why leh?
So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
Nicky! You added him on msn or something somemore!
U r 1 fukn lazy bad ass !couldnt u chk it urself
Aww haha okay
Night night my darling laopo. I go slp le. Moooches!:-*
Yep. Ldr the haveBall() should settle alr. Just make sure got initBall() in setup
Haha but who playing?
Anyway ssef application closes at the end of this month haha! Forgotto mention that XD
Lol. Busy doing assignment =(
Wat time going back
Email me softcopy?
Ok..
My dear, i m eating with patrick now... How are u? My dear, i miss u very much!
Myself? Actually im referring to you HAHA. Hmm you need to retakeyour o lvls to get better comprehension skills. :D
Sorry. I just dont get why this issue is worthy for us to argue about. It's possibly the last lunch this year,but cant we just take ytd's lunch as the last lunch?
At home lar... Where r ü... Mum ask ü to buy colgate...
Hey! I love y you!!!
Gd mrnn. There will be no classes 2day. Tc n god bless u.
Liiiike  <#>  >>
Shldnt le. If u keep ur back straight, form shld be correct
she was from npcc if that jolts any memory
Also maaaan are you missing out
Wth? 1st?
Ohh if you cant make it before I reach then pass to tianran orchenwei before you leave?
Hi, need a small favour... wil u b able to get me a guitar for 2 weeks?
Haha. Wong tk also no degree wad. Plus I get this feeling that havingan open mind isn't exactly encouraged here...
Later u fetching mum iszit?
Yeah that's why hard to read.
I din noe mah so i cum sch liao then found out... Waste my time...
Tot tat time count like Bo simi left for 1k.
Something wrong? We can call if you want love
Wat time should we set off? Will b at simei but i feel like coming back 2 bathe but like not enough time hor.
Haha alright. If got nice then we buy eh.
Normally for 2 I'll charge  <#>  per hour. They are taking the same syllabus?
Hi,any1 wan 2 chat?please intro.girl or boy,n how old.
Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ...
So late? Haha.
I love u:-)
Okay see you!
Accept whateuer happens to. Even if you suffer humiliation, be patient. Gold is tested by fire, and human character is tested in the furnace of humiliation. Sirach 2: <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
I'll call you later
Good, are you coming?
Shall i give tuition? Got one 260 leh, teach a and e maths...
ok see u in the lab then!
Oh damn!!! Can't you ask for extension? Surely such things havehappened before?
Lmao sleeping do la. Kk cya 2moro. Wan gym earlier at  <DECIMAL>
Aiya nw im gng 2 account clz. After dat i'l cl u. Bye.
321 is at kovan mrt. 62 at hougang interchange/mrt ? can take 62, take ? directly there
<DECIMAL>  at go. U coming hostel 1st?
Then.good night..
My hp low bat liao. go charge now. Later if long long no rply dun be angry.
Wake up le!!!
Oh oh. Got lynette xt jm.
He fucking chickened out. He messaged me he would be late and woould buzz me and then I didn't hear a word from him
You got called a tool?
Awwwwwww
Only 2mins
First chinese lesson?:D
Still eating ice cream... Y ü all always go amk...
I'M NOT GETTING IT YET AND SHE DOESN'T WANT TO TELL ME
Thik hai aa
These clowns are not waking up.. sign!
Gc not Pd lol
Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
Wcp. U? How's yh
Ooo okay! Ohh find sth to do! Ahh I overslept, ryan and I are gonnabe late ._.
Hah i still dont understand. So e wrong acct u apply cant use 4 cgi?
Hlw bro gm.. I'v to buy eby gcs.. Whn u'l b avlble at yah0o?
Dun forget to help me terminate my line
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
Anything to grab from singapore hobby?
Yup
I come ard 1230 k
Cooking, you?
Talk to u later
Shital Raorane Flat no.- <#> , bldg - 2/C, plot - 4, indrayani chs, NNP complex, santosh ngr, goregaon - east. Bus -  <#>  &  <#> .
Lols no nid la
Haha.. Yea, great place to go.. :)
Okie.. Thanx..
Good night.
U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
Heh? Then ur mum not working ah? Or ur dad will be at hm? Sob... I very bored... Else i go ur hse?
Andha matter pdc sir ku vaera therinju poch! Maanam poch!
Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
Yaa...
Erm... we can... swim!
you back in sg ?
Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
Yea manz! Can gimme ur full name and email?
Yeah f'sho it is! Well sheeit
Haha. U're so serious. Ya. Outside look nice only. I heard it's likeoffice building right. Then take train there loh. Haha.
<EMAIL>   <DATE>  <#>  ^_^
You want to go?
Will be slightly late later. Hv tut frm 2 - 3.
Testing 1 2 3.
Brng my library crd
They become more ex oredi... Mine is like 25... So horrible n they did less things than last time...
Alright, good to hear that!
Ru sendin to shanmail r wat else
ll b sleepin after e awards show lor... Thk cant tok to ya tonite... Other day... Early nitez den...
Sir, hope your day is going smoothly. i really hoped i wont have to bother you about this. I have some bills that i can't settle this month. I am out of all extra cash. I know this is a challenging time for you also but i have to let you know.
<EMAIL>
I love u my darling!! :-P
Hee hee how come u know i like dog...Wats your religion?You study wat course?
Lol sure sure
So what new insights hav u gained from my ans to ur qn?
Okay... Then can you give me a call at 1030? In case i over sleep
Where yo
Dinner ok but movie count me out, tq.
<#> gsm a4 paper one stack $5 cheap or ex?
4 _ 4 _ 4 _ 4= <#>  U can use any mathematical sybol inbetween. Solve it
:P heehee! yay!!(: jiayou jiayou!
yar NS2 GUI based to nai ha..scripting seekhni parti ha
Sch why?
Nthng....
Oh neat!! Congratulations! I remember cs risk taking a fair bit oftime..  and saying sorry etc. Anyways, Take the barcap... all thebest!! :-)  its time for your treat ;-)
Went out for a bit. Will tell when i come.
Yunny dear.. So sorry k.. Forgot to take e tiles fr u.. Hee if ur lug too small then pass to hx tmr lah..n e travel insurance rite.. My cousin can get it at AIA for $49..told e rest liao.. So u ask ur dad lah..
Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit...
Tonight give u urs
Hey 9 meet backgate?
Haha okay this means I need to explain to tt as well le lol
Okay. I hope the auntie didnt damage my snails' bodies when shepulled it out from the container.
Ohh i totly 4gt abt dat VB thing..ok den get well soon.tc.god bless u
U wan gym 2moro instead? Mon do other stuffs
This SUNDAY at the indoor stadium,there is a seminar on CANCER PREVENTION and others topics organise by DONG FANG PI LEE.Ticket can be purchased at the SISTIC.
OK this works.. the ftp.jobscastasia.com doesn't.. will use this.
Aaahhh I don't know!!! Maybe???
Oh omg. Oh right you are red green colourblind! What does it looklike to you? It's hot pink, my hairband too
Haha I need to walk walk also. Buy concession (y)
Hi Ricky,  for the aircon, can you get the quotation to specificallystate that Theme are doing all new copper piping with what thicknessand type of insulation?    That is important to have on the quote.  Ifall then ok, we may sign with Gavin.  Will still be checking with theother company.
Not tonight, got to study for test tml. Another day?
Pagoh toll
Lol ok.
Hi frnz mene corby bechke nya nokia ka c-3 liya h
ll meet ü outside?
Y shud i b angry on u. U r jst a luvr. Nt a wif.
I love u 2 my little pocy bell I am sorry but  I love u
Yeah he said "essentially your last pe lesson"
lg what time comibg?
Then nvm bah. Haha enjoy ur lunch =)
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
Asking whether u got the photo which i am meanin
Alright. U organise la!
The img from the poster you designed it or taken from the net?
Haha okay >< abbie and wen going Taiwan, vivien going aussie! Hmm?Their group no yr6! Btw rmb to submit reflections today! Haha yeah nopoint IMO too o.o and I like  <#>  more (:
Yea but need chiong. I 3pm got Pe
Reachin cck station soon
Can u call me? I am out of credit
Ahh ourspace lol
Oh my God no cooking
will bear that in mind
Ya.
Okay. Thanks.
Mo
change of plans. meet at 545 aljunied mrt. Dont call pink her phone not with her
Sianz.... Den go home lo
The wat building lor.new biz.
Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
hahaha nope! Maybe you could play with her sometime!
Hi. I think I will reach late, at abt  <#> . Is it possible that Imeet up with u then? Because [name] will not be available from  <#>to 6.
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Hi guys, would it be too much of a pain if I request for a meetingshift to  <#> pm. These Iie fellows postponed practice and all mymeetings are getting pushed.
Ok.. haha
Ai ya. Sent too fast. You were really so awesome and so huggable uknow? Muacks! Dear get some rest. <3
Amazing????????
No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
Kya hua bhai?
3J!
Haha ohh btw i'm tako!
Yeah out for lunch. You all gym without me. Sian.
Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
Nt really justnow stuck at onepary
Sent le
okie
So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
Oh
Lol you sit cab over eh.
On bus le. My sprinting nt bad
Neh truman cant and I cant too. Watch you all drink fun wut.
Imma in a grp with Ronald loo shaohao
On the way alr
Two to three working days. :-D
Oh oh. Ask fabian xt eh. Jeff also can.
Hi JOE hows ur day?
We have all rounder:)so not required:)
Haha yeah gonna get one from mom. Oh you were taking a nap?
I dont know eh. Even I said no you also cannot make it mah. Ya
Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
Don thnk so..i jst pretend to b like tat
Kk
It's okay I will just buy it myself HAHA :P
Aromas
Okie thanks
Lol then you still can study eh. Go library better.
Hey! Posting out on net today oredi! Check ya! Good luck! Ü
Ahh sorry!! Haha oops i'm late!
OK.. will have a look
I eat just now already. But i noe i got to leave some in my stomach for u all.
Apna email id msg karo
REPLY
dont take stress,i m always wid u
Why eh? Tonight you wanna meet?
Not my friend's. My friend brought.back his fish.tank. That one is myfish tank.
Hmmm...i cant rem wat time is my lesson liao... I go home den confirm w u k...
Yoyo, dunno why cannot contact you all, I'm coming back ard  <#> , on <#>  on the way back now!
reach liao
In PGP?
Bblp help me bring  <#>  can. I no money le. Hee. Reach northpiint le
Dopher tek gher pahuchunga.
Okay thanks sorry today i was taking a nap must have sounded super sian
TRAI ke anusaar, 4-Dec- <#>  se airtel mobile par Rs <#>  recharge pemilne wala laabh ab Rs <#>  recharge pe milega.  <#> MB 2G+ <#> MB 3Gdata, Validity- <#>  din.
Done! I'm gonna take a shower
So ke lian T.T... yup just finish our meeting! Haha want me da bao baWang for u? How u feeling.now?
Clouds uploaded.
The loading screen havent complete, need to add in the character.
Let me noe anything need to change!
Turent?
yup
1 min
OK I got lost again. You guys go on.. need another  <#>
Me from kuching, u frm where
Ohh btw you wanna watch real steel? Later? Hehe Chester coming!
hee. can
Just finished my lunch. My foot is ok already. You also have to take care. everyday study hard rite. miss you too
No man.. Want 2 study on the way 2 clge
At hostel wad...
To berkeley
PIZZA!!! ok hehe I sms ryan!
Hey =)
m ard outside looking at other things. Call me when u all done.
Okay can.
Huh, I didn't know that
I said no
U reached?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Ok
Hahaha. Ok! See u on Sunday then. Btw, taken ur Med?
Rly? No need shoot birds? Nice teach me kayak!
I am outside. Forget which lab.
Really? Maybe the trial loads then?
Air pump difficult. Mr soh got send u?
Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
$6.
no
Hey 2morow wat portions 4 ss test?
Yup sure thanks sir.
Tel d
Jesus. It's taken like 9 hrs to reach lvl  <#>  on a warrior. This isterrible. This is why we sucked - adventurers are awful
Hhahaha okay okay. Yeah lo, so you no need scared cannot fit in le :-D
Nen ravala col ki
Wahahaha.
Y don want
Are you ok.
Yes
OK sure.. I think I ll reach around  <#> . Hope that's ok
Never mind, carry your attempt.
s bd, meijun i forgot abt it too. Haha, gd luck in ur comp...
Where are you
Ok i vl..do u know i got adsense approved..
I uploaded it to dropbox, check your facebook; if anything needs to be changed just inform me or yyc
Hi all... See you at seven tomorrow paragon. E show is at nine. Ü
After Noon鈥??Switching technique and Routing鈥??Explain ATM,ISDN,Frame relay
Where are they.
Babu ghar pahuchi?
clementi?
"Value of Relation is not how much one Feels Happy with Someone,butits the Emptiness that One Feels without Someone"..
Hey u received TT email? Tues cant go le. U wan thurs go?
I'm free. Do you need to talk?
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Mhm =) =)
also!(: btw my mtg tmr is at  <#> :/ I have no idea what time itends:/ and I dun think you wanna wait so long :/
Ok.. Ü finishing soon?
:S its quite big, but not very visible. But got two visible ones alsohaha! I think coz the lady said my vein walls are thin, so probablyaccidentally poked another place open!
Ya, help me thank ur mum hor...Gee, e brownie very nice oso...
Orh! I bring them to <name> hse first, later I come bring u again k
send ur a/c account detls 2 kevin nw
I believed
Lol you want to irc?
Please buy some food back for dad.
Haha... I email ü her pic! Ü check already then gif me ur comments k?
Hey machan, a very happy birthday to you!! Have a great day :-)
I got asked terence and aik kiat..But think they cant make it..Randy said he can only confirm on fri.Didnt ask my outside fren cos think u will be awkward...
With 3 ex-classmates in the other 3 fac shirts (Y) But I'm the only guy (N) awkwarddddd
Robotics room behind lt5 next to tkd toom
the bk u want has been borrowed. i reserve it 4 u?
he said it is quite a good chance to practice before the real presentation lor, you might want to think about it.
Oh all have to come ah?
Haha considered bah. Let me know when you are coming over.
Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
Haha did you fall asleep? Or are you busy?
Two teams waiting for some players
Can give me your nus email if possible. The file should b quite big. Dun think hotmail will have enough storage space.
Hey lao po, thks for helping me todae! lemme noe if u want to hav dinner 2gether..think i wanna go shopping at plaza sing ltr.Saw some nice clothes juz now.Haha
When does ION start
Sup!!
Yeah :) just send me an email, i'll fwd it to u. Cya :)
Hi how are you?
Yes so horrible!!!!
LOL yes that is a valid point maybe now she will create fb acct!
Heh thanks gabby :D
Come down
Take without asking sure pissed lah paiseh
sweet dreams 2 u
Mine was not. It said that the gal who sent it to me was the one i love. Thats definitely not... Haha.           Hmmm.... Im someone ü can confide in ? Hmmm...
Sorry!!!!!! I hope you can find someone else><
where my bblg?
Okay.. Will let you know if I'm going later, if I do.. I'll probably go with my parents.. :)
I knew it! But we short of 1 player.
so on. E smell, yucks!
I think piano's harder. You tried to teach me it's still rock androll to me and it killed my hands. But I'd love to hear the song,yeah!
Yea v near. Lols wad doing u? Later I try online
s free entry rite?
Nope but I'll be going next week!(:
No price for guessing the song!
Public health
eh bitch i bought a new handphone! hahahah!
chou baobei! had a wonderful day today! hee. love love u! dun scratchur face ah!!
Icic...Ya i tink so...Any probs i call u tmr =)
I'll probably be around mu a lot
Ye bhaiya ka no h,so ispe msg mat krna.ok tak cr
We're taking Megabus, so greyhound to la at around 1
My dear ~~ call you until i'm falling asleep le ~ shall asleep for<#>  mins haha, hope you suddenly wake up or sth soon! Don't be latefor your jam session!
Went for walk with dad.. how was breakfast?
Satay!!!! On  <#>  lo hre
<#>  $ <#>
Oh okay.
Okok cya
Suma stomach pain pa.
ur appt gift buyer wil choose for u if not stated ;-)
Sianz so late. U got extra paddle to lend?
Hmm
It is!!! You shall see hahaha!
ll meet4lunch@12@expo dat mrt stn..so can?
But he neva ask me wat... Go which toni n guy da academy or wat...
Tanx andrew.t.c.bye.g.b
Pls come quick cant bare this.
Bhai ph0ne me kuch mistake rehti he yar.. Khali msg hi jate he:-*:-/
LOL Does it also include what he says about chasing out North Indians from Mumbai?
Macho brin d windows xp cd 2marw wn u cmin.bye.t.c.r a copy f dat s fin f posibl.g.b *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Cool cya.. lower floor,  biz Canteen
Ha b0l
after lunch
Maaaaaaybe! I'm very high on nothing now! I stink!! Yucks!!!
hey need to go out for a while. ttyl. :)
nw okok. taking rest awhile. hehe. wan me to call u?
It's basically just the commuter interface, admin interface, and thelogic. I think.
I am there. Which block?
I taking jap
K.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
Ext hdd...haha...i just asking nia...
This is what GOD said about David when he made him king. " I have found that David, son of Jesse is the kind of man I like. A man who will do ALL I want him to do". Acts <TIME>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
Yeah!!!
Yes.they did't mention any thing about t <#> :-)
So far ~~ why should I carry your bag!!!
Ya one whole day...cos we doing skit...need to rehearse a lot of times...
Dear DIPJYOTI BORAH(INHE <#> MF), Your Gold Purchase for Non-Retention Bonanza for the amount USD  <DECIMAL>  ( <#>  Units of gold) has been successful. UniPay2U will accurately pay monthly bonus on your Gold Purchase
7 bje milunga mai
s life over there...
,)
Hey back?
S:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
Anything lor... U decide...
Can remind me tomolo....thx
You there
Now i'm going for lunch.
Okay son. Wad u wan me to help in
Lol until what time? Morning also?
How do friends help us in problems? They give the most stupid suggestion that Lands us into another problem and helps us forgt the previous problem
Macculam for kochi.
Xplain
Hmm im not too sure about shirts as we get different sources. Pricesusually ranges from 6 to 8. The prices vary for different companies.Haha I wont mind, im more than happy to answer :D
Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
U mean jasmine's Chalet?
Darling I leaving hse le. Kisses
Qualities of a nice FRIEND must have... cute as crocodile, Smart as donkey, Active as turtle, Fit as hippo, Matured as monkey... NO doubt u r my nice FRIEND...
You don't have to!
Hahaha yeah get new software.
Eating now?
oo.. u all  eat already? wan anything?
Yeah =P I kept forgetting really simple words, which was frustrating
Needing
Tmr afternoon mahjong eh.
Lol lousy lehhhh
Har.. u change to us?
So later got meet earlier?
Ok nvm then. Anyway lets finish the report by this wkend, reallydragging on too long.
Dear in tech service area
Waa! Hardcore! Motivation is back
<#>  tiwari
violyn y no reply frm u can u msg me at 90853276?
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Yes, the  <#>  includes participants as well.
Too
How many ppl confirmed
Yeah the nearest is in Indiana
Help me record wan chuan yu le...
lulllll
Hi ppl sorry I'll be late, jeryl sim hasn't dismissed us! You all caneat first bah ><
I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
Mom wants to know where you at
Crazy... Still buy wine... At home got a bottle of wine oredi...
U mean  <#> th of dec is it? Cannot leh. Haha.
Poke yei yei. Wat time ur next lesson
Lazing around at home lor... u lei...
Class bench
Ur incident matter
Okay. I'll send out an email to all of your inbox by today.
Awesome!! And yes, that makes sense.. he is already running a sidebusiness of sorts with the students
It depends lor. People lie all the time, be it good or bad. Womenusually lie more, just that they don't get caught as easily...
): those going cp also ._.
Yeah there is. But im not going down.
Haha :/ so depressing! Dun feel like haha, see how bah! Go study!
Glad to hear that! Great dealing with you. Take care and have fun, Jon!
Call
Hey posb savings  <#>  or uob current account  <#>
Haha. I told u liao. No prob lah. I can take either bus.
Haha. You introduce some cute girl to me la.
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
And a real decent charctr is goin to murdr her
David, please inform nicholas that im unable to go tmr. Sorry aboutthat. Enjoy yourselves eh. Help me spread the news that the proposalis approved.
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
yeah,,
U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c ü...
Thora tym lge ga.. Pics hain. Pdf ni hain
Zack, pray me a prayer yo.. hope i can finish things!
Oh Howda gud gud.. Mathe en samachara chikku:-)
Kaj hle cl koris
Evry thng vl b alrit soon. Met sunil?
Hahahahaha dont tell you.
Uh..agitation is supposed to be abit. Oops.
Haha i've sent you before eh. What's your email?
Hee. I just woke up n had my breakfast. Yup tonite of cse fetching u all. See u soon tonite.
hmm i reach home le.. come back train faster
Hmm  <#>  for both.
Friend, what time is your lunch break?
Yeah most probably if good weather. Haha
STATUS 9RA3ZAQC
<EMAIL>
Then how you charging for the chalet?
Nope. You managed to go to ny schs?
I book u on  <#>   <#>   <#> . Go yh hse
Haha nope bah. You all go ahead eh. :-D
The bench downstairs
Aight yo
Enti chepu
No la, gota prepare 4 an oral presentation tmr. Hmmm, mayb fri? For lunch or smethg...
I dunno, ps haven't check my email! Yeah hehe:x I think we can startonce chiam endorse bah!
Push UPS and flys lol
Ah OK. This is my number for the foreseeable future :-)
Haha okay! Anyway when you go home, dont update your idm already.Latest version cant be cracked. :-(
Home
Hey i meet uj after 6pm ar...
Lol happy teethering okay. Enjoy the awesome speed ^^
Why?ofcourse f. Dont believe. U jordon?
At balangoda anna
3PM?
ll gain 3.5 kg! Haha no lah jus enjoy urself!
Are you being good, baby? :)
Oo k. So early today:-)
Hi.. I paid the singtel bill only today..   <DECIMAL>  transferred to the account number  <#> .. :)
Nope....
NO
Hey do you all wan meet Mr lim for tip 2moro?
HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
Okay. We got mission. Shall call it missiontake-correction-tape-and-cancel-name-on-smo-list for confidentialpurpose. Will brief u later
Scare me... Cos i like got c sardines in da fridge...
Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
Ü bought ur camera at which shop?
Wahhhhh =(
Alvin. Oac.  U coming to the gathering this sat?
Sori Fen, I made a mistake.. the consultation come in half-hr sessions fyi.
How was e interview? Luckily u didn't go to e study sia. It wascancelled. Haha.
Okay! Lol what she doing!
Hi Ricky, sorry was out of country. Can talk or meet with you at yourconvenience.   Let me know.  Sorry about the long silence.
Yeah the manager said once I'm in and the have an opening I have a good chance of getting a pharmacy job even if its at another location.
Ur friends from Brunei?
Yah... And i will be late.
whoo! Matthew rocks!
Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
Who are you?
I can't find ur flight no
I tried sync my laptop time also but got error in updating time.Don't know whether if that's e prob. At least we've yours working, soi think shld.be fine. Haha.
dear, i going later to meet my frens :)
Same wa sch u study
Haha so he know 2 liao... Ok lah then i dont disturb. Should b safe 4 now, but later got some celebration thing i must b on e guard again haiz...
By sat night finish can liao.
Need. I still need those information.
s at my house now... He neva prompt me ok... I v zi dong one ok...
É bus was late
sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
No at suntec. Orchard traffic jam..
We will call you when we going down bah. :D
m in da canteen now.
ooo. wat ting?
How's mummy now
Sure, no rush. I am at the yih Canteen
Nvm it true wad. Help end his misery nia
The longer u drag the more time u waste.
I dunno... Leh... I dunno whether i should go a not leh. Still deciding... Do they cut it very short.
Ya... socks too
still on  <#> . paiseh. just got onto the bus
Haha not bad lah haha but apparently not as nice as the first fromwhat I heard? Really ps ah haha I don't have the habit of replying smswhen I'm out with ppl haha
Ok uber gl workaround: if final pwm value is > <#> , send a digtal high instead. So far the actual movement doesn't look too affected
Lols cant rem. Later bring notes?
Japanese!! Just simple greetings only! That was random words haha
Wah I thought 7pm leh lol
James: Hi DAVE
Kiss you! Laogong I go charge phone first k? Muggggggs
6pm@ ur house?
Can I cal you
Okay so u just change it to suit your needs loh. Or u can check withlaura if she's using it. I'm not so what u'll change won't affect meya. Thanks.
Hahaha it's alright! Hope you got a good rest, sorry for making youup stay up so late yesterday! I didn't get any dress, just got a pinkbelt to go with my black dress so match chester LOL. Haha so you getaircon all the way! So sad I don't D: haha it's fine it's fine!
Hey what are you doing?
hello pple tomorrow lets meet at take outside Cartier at seven pm. See u tomorrow call us if anyone is going to be late. Elaine
Harlow!!
At home already.
Hey.... Let's catchup sat  NUS during lunch time?
Hey weiyi... So how ah... Tmr goin pubbin w mich?
The sensors will be ready for collection at Kenda at  <#> pm tml, cantell prof Seah to collect. If not, monday they can deliver. I toldthem to make arrangements for delivery first.. if really want tocollect on our own tell me. But I don't see the point.
my parents might be flying back next month for 2 weeks or so.
Lol.okok..
Sry Tues pls. Around  <#>  am. Or any other time?
Yahh my class have a few orders
i cant go. i have a meeting on that day.
Hi Andreu,u can ask kandiban 4 boys.Here v cudnt get at any catholics Wishing u a hapy n safe journey. May God bles u.
Ohh okay can! Thanks!! (:
YAYYYY LOL GET THE BURGER DRESS FOR ME I WILL WEAR IT HAHA
Reading ARP related article lor. My fighting fishes are mating.
Why?
Ok noted!
Haha not usually, only occasionally! Haha ooo point out to me sometime haha!
Hehe sorry got cluster celebration! Why you wanna go out but don't eat!
You please give us connection today itself before  <DECIMAL>  or refund the bill
Hw ? Call?
LOL IT'S NICKY
Haha.. good good.. u still rem what type of qn is asked?
Sorry had parade just now. She's a little disappointed right.
Hee. I love my boy too!! One day we shall hug each other when coding
Hahaha shirt size?
My lesson changed to  <DECIMAL> pm..so end  <DECIMAL> instead. love love you!
K d i l cme to ur rm n mark d portions
Icic. Then we talk abt it tmr night then. Haha.
Neobux and onbux r da most trustd ptc sites. And if u invest on both ul earn  <#> k per month
Sup
Am at prizegiving
quiz bhi hoa tha
Prasad- <#>
Going back now haha, we forgot Hilda tay
Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
Haha im in class now
He dun intend to break in the first place ...
P
not be sad
Hello today is the bible discussion at  <DECIMAL> . 1cor  <#> . <#> . Luke  <#> . <#> . Today i will not be coming as i have a doctors appointment. Pls do get together. GBU.
R u keen n free to come n take photo w me aft my commencement ceremony on next wed at abt 11?
Hey wad hmwk do we have
we lost the match by 7 runs.
<#> .ye jigge ka no hai.Aartihappy DIWALI
Maybe just send an email to the rest to inform.
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPRCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#> . WPB is<#> . From teck ghee cc.
want go expo ?
Usf
Waaa internet sio. Train others lo also not v high level
Haha nope eh I went out cycling. Haiz emotional eh.
So specific? Don't worry I wont wear formal.
Oh... Ok, when u going to finish tuition let me noe...U feel like going anot? If u wan, i go with u lor... Tmr oso can..
YEEESSSS we should totes get food or something
hallo u free tmr???
Ohh like that ah. Whoa he informed you of your schedule beforehand?
Are bhai plz yar..
m not late afterall...
Ok
Kk
I outaide le hee
Gudd mrng best of luck for ur exam.hav a nyc day .
I can't dl e video which u've uploaded.
Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
Haha I like chinese lessons with toh and dong! Haha yup we're likesuper cool! Ooo okay lor then put into your personal statement:P hahayay okay! Ooo is it the aircon?? Hahaha oh well you have to come toschool anyway! Haha moron test is super random! hahaha weird andcheerful ryan!(:
Yeiyei tml mid term hor. Muuacks jiayou dar
Waitin for yuchuan to pass me stuff
Okay I am down liao.
Windows? You mean on pc eh. Haha share hangman with me.
You can visit, of course... don't forget that. And call and stuff. Ilive away from my mom and we talk and stuff
Haha.. Schedule with mummy le.. Hehe.. So cannot chang :)
Yeap with mom
i shld be able to start ard 4th December, longest shld be done by endof tge month. so what's ur best offer?
=////
I go toilet
Eh can bid module liao.got simi mod to bid.
I feel normal :) I love you.
Hmm... Mon afternoon i got to go sch for a briefing... U wanna come back on tue or u wanna stay there even longer? Or come back tmr oso can.
I will be arriving at
XP
Hey, both yammy n chunmin got B for MNO <#> . I'm very efficient one. Haha.
Ok lor...
You joking?
So sad, i got thrashed 4-0 in the soccer match juz now...  So pathetic ...   =(
presentation start hoi?
The skin on your face is often softer and gentler than the skin on your back...I LIKE YOUR SKIN..:-)
hey zhengquan, u got any idea when is the first consultation slot?
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;BK.Ooty;;;
TEL;CELL: <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Yes yes, your understandin qyute giid, Wan to sing ktv can the weekend aft next...Hee... We can meet to la kopi first to appease wendy. Keke..
oh okay my acct number is  <#>  posb savings
Ooo haha yea I never watch the anime before also!
Nah dub but je still buff
Eh. Now doing some work.. I shld go home hor?
Comaing too much to go to bed? Impressive
Should i send you naughty pix? :)
Lols tio guy?
I spy with my little eye someone black!!!
Yea me too. Go queensway someday lor. Near my school.
Good nite my dear...
s bro ans quite curt... He said both, hard n software. No previous knowledge.
hci survey  <#>  A A classes need bands within themselves
sorry, i'm not free on friday. why?
Mei... U really dun wana mt liao ah...
Yeah:x haha^^b this is the first time I got children's day presentsince year 1! Haha ooo icic!! I occasionally will use parents' toiletde but not always lah! Haha yeah tired le! Haha the Pokemon one gonnabe in my bro's room then the rest in mine probably!
Thanks Eric. Got your changes. Will discuss with Ramc
Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
Hey can bring my dna notes tmr?
Oh okay. My mum keep asking you to go reh lol
parents are going for holidays for 2 days. GOing to railway station
Just the processor and the fan. But I dunno if I still have thebox... it's  <DECIMAL>  ghz
I...don't know
Rmb bring ukelele!!
I getting raped
ll be bringing my laptop to school tml oso do project so can do wif ü all lor...
Alone u? U reach call me lor. I going 2 try.
Mr lee when do I show u my work
Hahah, that will be interesting.. I wana learn violin..
Thanks for the 4
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
Lol so you got onto an empty seat eh.
We going jm house now, wanna join us?
Happy new year to u and ur family...may this new year bring happiness , stability and tranquility to ur vibrant colourful life:):)
Chal ch0rh bhai.. Phr kbi dkhnge.. Me  <#>  bd nikal jaunga..
Big mess Marc. Totally didn't expect it. Thanks for the offer. Justsorting out the mess... should be pseudo settled by tomorrow..justgive me a little time. Should be OK. Thanks again! Appreciate it :-)
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
All e photos u upload already right? Whats the url to ur t sms page? I help u put a link at our homepage
Jeremy wenhui th!
You ve LIC book, and any book for microprocessor? Atleast any one?
Hah yup absolutely right yeah?
My next one at  <#> h
I not sure. Shaohao nvr check phone siaz
Am okay. Will soon be over. All the best
m eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... E mountain deer show huh... I watch b4 liao, very nice...
抱抱你啦！ sayang 老公, waited so long. nite nite dearr, baobao more!
Hmmm..  <DECIMAL> pm?
hi how are you?
Nopes
shall v go 2 cinem
Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
Good morning Andreu, did u contact baba? Have 2 get leters from gs n fr n endorse at p'station.
Nope dad, im staying at home to study.
..!..
Yeah dont worry. Come to ur lg safely.
When is the fnctn?
27 bucks...
Yeah so you can help me with this first?
Ya. But  <#>  only Cox that's the rate they pay for other interns
The bug u saw yesterday I din get coz I din test register member.. Iuploaded a new copy with the bug fixed but links not yet done. U trythat version.
Dear reached railway. What happen to you
Hmmm anywhere u want to go~~~ lol... u want ur pepper lunch? Thenafter that do wat leh? Watch drama all day long? Lol
Hahahaha I allergic to bird nest lol koi will do la XD
I liked the new mobile
Oh wait i think i got the contact wong paiseh
The rest aren't here... yet
It's  <#> % in color. Got hmwk today
Can't got exam...
I am here liao see u
Great. P diddy is my neighbor and comes for toothpaste every morning
Yes yes yes!!!!!!!! I want to see it on you since I won't see it atprom :"'"( I'll take you out in that dress!
Tell me pa. How is pain de.
ll b goin.. Help me tell jo... Cos i dun have her no...
No nid photocopy anything?
Lol
Erm anything lor...Can bring tmr? Thx =)
Im leo!
Oh i got into nus sci...Still awake at tis hour?
A happy day for me how about you?:p
I thk tmr still got one more lecture... I got no more tut so thk i wun b going to school...
I forgot to charge my Hfon.
Nice
No
Ok lor. Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? Darren is wif them now...
Waise b koi ni ara tha
Fab house which floor ar??
I didn't edit ppt. I send u later copy.
Wat time u want me to come over?
m eatin wif my frens now lei... Ü going home first?
LOL WHY KILL ME NOW, I SAID THAT TO HER LAST YEAR ALREADY WHEN I WASGETTING A DRESS FOR MY COUSIN'S WEDDING LOL
Bol
What lunch are you on? Gin X
I am, Fine.
Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
Take care
Merry Christmas to you and your family! May God's choicest of blessings be with you this season and may it bring you joy, happiness, love and prosperity. Tc
And goodnight pigdings!!
Sorry sorry coming soon!!
Popular line-"when you love someone don make them love you as much as you do but love them so much that they don want to be loved by anyone except you"
Sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... Or take your beatings like a good dog. Going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
She alone lah... Muz b w somebody meh...
And girl here
Eh nvm la I not hungry
Cool siaz!
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed & Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
How about both?
s hse wat...
Hi I am eating there. Near the drinks.
Is ka ni pta mje
What r we doing for your birthday?
I vil tell u after eat u start
Lg at com1 later head over. Eat good dinner later!! Hee
Wow finally reach back chalet! The rest going bedok, tampines haha!
Bc chud gya tera papr. Kisi tra puch hi leta
Oh okayy. Reaching in  <#>  mins
Mr leong! My ane camp coming up during march holidays! Are you interested?
what a bore
I also tested a transfer to my premier account, but the test transferdidn't show up.  Any idea why?
wen ar, can you email me the recipe for rice balls? I have a sudden major craving for them!
Sat I cant. Sunday can.
U r mame pls
ür exams when start?
Its alright. Thanks!
on QQ NOW?
Urgent!!
I'm sorry =(we have lots to do
Waiting for bus. Hope to reach home at  <TIME>
Nah i got stuff on tmr
U going for dinner now right.? Hehe
Yo rattiah! A very happy birthday! :-)
Ok...i sign up?...using my email address?...
Can i pass the dvds back to u ymr night?
Yup  now studying and waiting for hl
Waiting for mrt now!!!
Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
Hey how many tics you want day?
then i wait for u at home. hurry up go hime.
Hahah.. Nice? International buffet?
I suppose i can go over now?
hahha. u go pao mei yan lor. where r u? he's a colleague?
Hi Andrdreu, good morning! Now v have pased passara. May God bles u. Have a nice day
Hi Yong Yu, Mr Kan from 4 Verde Crescent here.  Just checking whetherwe will be hearing from you on the rough estimate. Hope to hear fromyou soon!
Hmmm I think so... why?
Yeiyei wat time coming
Boo but it be so fun!
Shaun I have 3 more friends from university tagging along you don'tmind right? Cos they wanted to eat also and its very hard to get seatsso when I finally managed to call thru I book the whole lot together.
Ya.. Erm.. I add my parts to her slide now. Then shld we upload or leave it?
Den u sign e limited one lor... U so lazy, as if will go everyday...so got discount anot..
0hk bhai..
Cool
Haha =P
Whos dis ?
I just send u all an email but u all don't reply or forward ar. Becozinside i got bad mouth scrum sim. Wah. Nowadays, i know u all cannotkeep secret one, i've to be more careful.
Do u knw them?
What u wearing there?
Kk set. Come back teach me chem
Ok omw now, you at castor?
Oh OK. No probs. Thanks :-)
Hhaha yeah your fate knocking already.
Lol why awkward. Tsk tsk
Nevertheless, thanks!
Oops sorry I forgot to reply you. Are you free for the whole camp?
Don't forget to take your first break late to call acs about getting the cats fixed. They take calls from 9 to <#> . Try to schedule all the girls. Tell them you live at your moms address. When I take the boys later I will use our address. The # is <#> <#> .
Will pay it today.. Thanks for the information.. :)
you can do it
Ok baby!
Did we go ssef?
Is it under e library section... I tried loggin in but my access always denied...
Sat go put tings sun go stay! Mayb later I call shaohao
Only have m left so i got 2 Ms
Hows your arm??
Hee. Yes yes.  My sis made a comment. Juz now melon come our houseuse toilet. But the atmosphere totally different..hee. I love u somuch too!!
Reached
Oh shit. Now tt u mentioned I vaguely rem it
<#> percent chance of snow tomorrow night Friday morning
K....c u there after my lesson ends???
okies...confirm with u later
Quest 3 the I compound
At the bus stop outside hall four
Hahas not now. Exam period le
mazak kar raha tha yaar....chalo koi nai SIR KO ABHI UOL KI HAWA NAI LAGI, UMEED HA HAALKA HAATH RAKHE GAIN
Read the message dude!!!
I use phone check can't le
Bhai amit ke acnt me kar diye trnsfr  <#> .. Ap c0nfrm kr lena
Its at t3! Ohh today never buy?
K.k..how is your sister kids?
Cd
I not sure. Cause they start I at bout 6pm. U wan ask lyn wad timeend? Cause leo having napfa now.
Need to jaga some things at home.
I think man power wont be a problem. Im more worried about participants.
Yeah T.T
When did they send the email? Do u still remember?
Then meet up when
Sian.
Oh no next bus in 5 mins ><
ll brin e set...
Hahaha you can control your urge de ma lol
Bugis oso near wat...
Hmmm... Thk d lor, biscuit... Although i dunno wat kind of biscuit is tt... Never hear b4...
Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
I am here
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
His choice is based on his grace, and not on what we have done. For if GOD's choice were based on what people do, then his grace would not be real grace. Romans <TIME>  Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
but so biog hinder her ot be civil engi neer
Yup =P went to gaia and even other realm rp
How i noe... Later got someone else... Ok lor... But can later? Go orchard izzit? Cos i need to go return bks... Hee...
Me in my class wru
Haha no he use ebook too.
Exm vry tough 2day.. Im also sad.. U dnt gt upset evry thing should b fine..
2morow get ur record covered, else she wont sign in bonafide!
Hi hi! Your clue is "twins in a room"!
Dunno y u ask me.
Dun la jus promoted our friendship den u emo
You are!!! Aren't you bringing 1k?????
Angel: noel r u still study.
Right!!!!!!!! Hahaha what is that a legit thing?? Yup I am! On mypublic msn! Poke you:P
Only count the red fonts.
Haha nvm tmr go buy the balloons eh. XD
Didn't get business card..
Eh u go put the interview things u did into Google doc leh.tmr meet 4 discuss.
Haha okay :P I eat le! Oh no growing fat!
Im havng fud wid uncl.
LOL that one too expensive la. Send mms to malaysia eh.
hi,man
Ps!!!!! Do I get off the train or you get on? Just left je!
m goin... Shld b able to rent la, if they r available there...
Hee k. Poke u later
Sua lai? Lol okay
Where are you?
Okie so tmr not giving her a surprise la?
T.T... sat sob sob sob... meet where? Town arh? Haizzzzzz expected...I not there then kana arrow -.-
<#>  Boonlay Way # <#>  Tradehub  <#>  S <#> .. Hi! Sir, just mentionmy name..and Company..Thank you..
s e website 4 e qet thg...
NaOH in ethanol reflux is wat
Hah.. Issit.. i wan to, but need to see if i can find anot.
Ehh sorry I called so early!! What's up anyway?
lan
Me real cham! Have 2 go 2 pray e 9 wang ye 2day? So faraway! Argh!!! I want 2 stay at home!
I will vote for wherever my heart guides me
Hhaha num lock dey.
Really... Catch e kitten leh... Den can play w millian...
U wanna play badminton tml morning?
Plz da.. Nt nw...
I replied right after I got back lah. So suspicious. Watching Modern Family!
So sweety.
hey, sorry for the late reply. rushing another project. i'm ok withit. from what we discussed earlier,we will select relevant clauses incontracts and determine the likely judgements by courts when disputesarise under different scenarios. this will be added to our literaturereview.for discussions of solutions, we will need to discusspros,cons,feasibility based on the 3 perspectives. can?
Can you call me x
Eh we going tanjong beach instead
Sweeeeeeeet I'm so excited! I applied to trader Joe's and a place onthe wharf today, and I'm filling out Starbucks applications onlineright now. :)
She told its in net..so i vil check it out
N.o.o.o.o.o. then take it as socializing le
They are shifting it to tuesday I think cus wednesday's a holiday.Think so.. What are you gonna do if you arent going?
HahaThere was some dude next to me who kept blurting dumb shit out -.-
How was ur say?
gussa chor...wo to ata jata rehta ha
Hey Joel won't be going for the games later cos there's chem test Tmr.
k thanks!
Aiiight yo
Morning baobei!!  Going to reach library le. See u later!  Love u lots
I see lol
Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
Haha dun know leh, she going to check later! Hahaha ps I neverexplain! Haha I hope so:x yeap they buying for me! (:
we can come as we wand ,if we deside
Sis where are you. Can you call me
Oh. Hope can find a short course. Holiday also quite short jus learnbasics nxt hol learn agn
ok.. meet u all at ys platform
Score.
Hey live
Wat time eating
K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
thanx!
Wah Wah... Wah Wah...!!!
Lol okay! I shall wait for that moment!
Just one copy of passport and visa.actually one scan also was good anywats its late now
Hey.. How are ya? All exams over I guess.. :) You must have join the staff at Pera right? C ya..  Take care.. Girisha
Yap call u later.
WHAT WHERE IS IT
on! hee. must have a nice dinner!
Sob sob sob free movie dun like T.T... hmmm nope... I shall go buythe peanut pancake! Haha... wa so good then.nobody Kope. He treadmillfrom.u lol
Hmmm... Thk not la... Quite lazy, gee...
Haha  i getting fries bah. See hw. Hee.  Rest Dar.
Good night
OK.. :-)
Hmm it's protestant, but the page doesn't say anyth more!
Haha icic! Okay fine!!! Yichian is it XD XD XD I send you the notes bah!
Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
ll b quite bored waitin lor, if not i go myself lor... Or u can go orchard...
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
I wil be there with in  <#>  minutes. Got any space
Omg I just woke up what the:O hahaha I dunno change to which! Ok youhelp me change:D I changed my pw to  <#> March! :D
Hmm for now i think i need to get the proposal approved first. So imstill waiting for lynette to complete her games first. After approvalthen i will look for you bah. :-D
At least we were blasting music man. When chem quiz
Some hotel in the east. With my parents and aunt and uncle haha. Super full now leh.
Great. Im going for hd episodes soon if I got nothing to dl. XD
What are you doing then?
It's a four legged girl..
Moses Treat ah? If no treat dowan la.
Okay provided it isnt taken yet.
Lol great. You never ask how much she giving you lol
Include. Low floor.
Yosh, u wad time leaving home later?
I online liao
Haha.. enjoy urselves.. dun go too ulu place wor.. I think seventhmonth not over yet..
About  <#> .
Aiyo u just come lor.
Pssssh
Hey the pay is transfered into my acct..
Probably money worries. Things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
Bout 7 plus
.hee orh. Nite dearie. See u tml
LG waiting for bus nw
It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
Good mornin :) my afternoon lect is cancel, so im goin at 2. thn wad r ü doin now? break til 2 pm ah?
sorry can't today.. how abt next week?
Okay. Good. OCS their room have only two beds each.
Hey den u stayin in hostel ah... Hiyo, will c u even less liao...
Last year lols. Now qx fastest guy eh
Yes? I lesson from  <#>  today.
Wat doin
Hey billy be brave for ur surgery
Hi da
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
Restless leg syndrome. I couldn't sleep til I got up and walked around. Then I woke up all over again.
Ok
Yup having dinner w mu friend.Tue fine w me.Yest i told her i wan go shopping she also didnt volunteer haha... C first lah.
Come soon
Ohh is it! Maybe! No wonder they cannot pon lessons! Haha really ah><oops sorry!!! I didn't mean to do that!! X.x haha why impossible!!Hmm, idk, before I go new Zealand! But its m <#>  so I need to besneaked in!
Fried meat!
Wat'
maine chawal mari thi pehle
Alright man. Thanks!
Bblp u reachin le tll me k. I bring umbrella for u
Yes, you can my number now if you want. :-)
Ay abit later two?wad time is e show? Two got show?
So how's the weather over there?
Ur msn got virus. Quite bad. Been sending msg to me all day.
Ok... what do you wanna eat?
Helo ji gm.. May i knw ur name
Yup ok...
Tell ya 2nite ps now busy
Someone ib the ling page was trying to gather people to go so we werethinking of it
Bout 2
Go sleep! Cya 2moro
Hahaha!!! Sure sure:D what kind of dress XD
s life?
Woot.wats the plan ah.haha.I can meet u earlier buy cake.
Lol wont la. There will still be warranty after u restore...
I will be there at 10
U free tmr? Wana watch finding nemo...
Datz a realy gud movie aiya..guess u kno me wel nw:-) gudnt..tc
Hmmm... Okie...
pigo, why u so blur fall into drain? then u gt take mc?
muggies darling!!!
Lol why would she scold you when you volunteered to collect tickets.
Wat! U r the one that say eat early or slack until 7 I say u choosemah lol piggy! I not saying about the dun eat in school part! Wa justnow drop hp in bk lo lucky I haven left I realise so scary
Yeah! Onz ah... Later i most prob go buy tic if i can... Else might get someone to book online... Cya... ?
Nope
Wa din tell me earlier! Okie...
Metabolism mostly... waste my efforts! Biochem was B-
Okie lor... Hmmm... Ard 645?
Hi missed your Call and my mum Has been dropping red wine all over the place! what is your adress?
How
Ok
Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
Coming at 9. Go play your call of duty first. Most of my dvds arekorean. You watched The Prestige yet?
Nvm got it
K
Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
Nope dad im not hungry.
FINE AHH THANK YOU HAHA. I HAVE 2 SEATS STILL.
Ok lor thanx... Ü in school?
Not quick enough lulz
Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
Yeah my usual guy's out of town but there're definitely people around I know
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
ya you said you believe me right.
Where is uss Oo
Mhmm naked ^^. Why bad guy?!
ll c ur cca bkground oso, tose in sports more likely to get in lor... Alrite la... Den u goin to join any other cca?
<#>
You so much late
Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
Now at YIH, reaching engin soon. msg you again when i am there.
do u mind we meet tonite?
Please call
Hi Andreu, alter boy heshan's brother is aranged by roshen 4 copiers work. U can ask kandiban 4 another boy. May God bles u
Last impression? You are making it seem like.everything is gonna end and there's no more future. I remember telling you before that I hope for our relationship to be a casual one. I said I wont be too serious about it and will allow you to get past with almost anything you want. I dont see the point in becoming so angry over this when we have plenty of time in our lives left to spent.
Ya...Cuz i tink e vet shld b closed oredi...Hey so tmr wat time u can? I 1130 aft sch...
Damn okay I shall not suggest anything le. Haha
gud mor or gud ni8
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Hahha possible to go shopping with leslie?
Okay
Hey can we meet at 4pm instead. Paiseh.
Hey Shahan,  Nishanth here. I sent you an email with a screenshot ofthe gruppi app as we see it. Let me know what you think..
In0x me kya kar raha he be?
Omg you're awake!
Finished class where are you.
Yay...
Anna when u r coming can u buy me a surf exel packet.Only if u can......
Eh where are u ah
Haha you watched for so long!? yeap my hao jie shao!! (: just now wasfinishing my cross stitch, so didn't reply, on the way home le! :D
nvm, those cannot find one i find replacement.. just to inform u,sound recording might need to redo. paiseh.
Fun fact:
Lol havent out for megaupload I guess.
Wah siao i everyday eat double breakfast no wonder my pants so tight lol
Okay. Will update u if i'll be taking. Haha.
Nope.
Wat time u finish ur lect today?
Oh when is the latest we can order
U forgot to gif millian his dog bone... Later his tooth ache...
Cannot.got Ng boon yuen mid term n their project meeting.
No one is doing yet right? It would be funny to have 4 conclusions!
Ooo ok.like tat then shd think think abt it maybe dun buy first.hahaha.thx for the tips.lol.
On the way
Wah. So late ah? I need to be at orchard by 530
Oh ya. I heard weihao say u making Shepard's pie for him.. :-)  justnow u ate supper?
Yesh dont worryyyy
come down
Ohh you ironed.my shirt? Thankyouu. So not going back home?
Okay
I hope so. I need to buy new shoes too. I got 2 leg cramps last night :/
Oh I thot is tue and fri.
Help me wish ur sis a happy18 birthday.n may all her dreams cum true.n ask her to call me or msg me if she has the time to do so
Ha. Reach le. Mug
If it's alright then book eh.
Den how? I nudge u
Hi Cheers, Kovai
Yea you told me liao, or I go home later? I can study in sch. afterdinner I go visit m?
Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
ve been busy working out,working ñ studying my ass off!-smiles-
MAX THERE
Idk le. Monday wan chill
Alright, no probs. We're heading over now
Hey ü want me to buy tickets first? Btw... I havent watch alex and emma yet bcoz i heard reviews not good.
If u wanna go imm tml I don't mind going, need to grab some stufflike formal shirt.
ha bol bhai
Yeah =/ some of it comes from her unrelated health stuff but itreally doesn't help. I want to tell her to get help but she would getmad and take it out on Chris. Just as bad, she doesn't eat. Thinksshe's fat.. retarded right? That woman's never been over  <#>  lbs andthat's with kids! I don't drink because I see it can get out of hand..freaks me out, she was okay a few years back
ll b going out shopping 4 my frens present.
Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <#> . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Dunno lei this week lor...
Need me help dabao chicken rice?
Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
Lol.. Right.....
Hey, I am submitting your name for the next committee for astro club.I have not decide on positions so I will let you decide. But right nowI need your full name, nationality, dob, nric no, student no, dept/yr,email. Please give me the details asap, thanks!
u workin now right?
Room all da way.. lunch at PGP.. we leave PGP together
I did. U stated  <#> rd only. Haha.
Lta eday buy  <#>
Ok come my class get?
Ya. I ll email him to let him know what we doing and we ll bug him toregister after that
Wang Zhu Xian YU SHI GE JUE?
City square mall eh Italian restaurant.saizeriya or something.cheap food.haha.
Back in 5
m in bangkok now, holidayin... Wat abt u...
Thank you.. Good night..
Whens your radio show?
No rush.. atleast 5 mins to next bus
LOL HAVE FUN TAKING PHOTOS
OMG HILDA TAY HAHAHAHA WHAT THE!!!!!
s borin me to death...
hey babe!! me e same.. i hope?cz e increasin num on e weighin machines hints otherwise.. lolz..
Hi, I will wait for u near the DBS bank at b1.
Lol super bad influence sia keep asking me skip lol.
Wendys
Haha yeah.
Haha okay (: LOL why would I open!!! I'm just about to leave t3!
Yes dear.  Will b careful
i like when you send multi pics in one email-it makes it easier for me to open them cuz i can click download all...she looks mad @ u in the 1 w/shay
We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is <#>
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
s inside oredi... U go in...
K.wait.
Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
Mr lee is it possible for you to brief me earlier 2day?
i ms ur cookin
Cool. Can.
As usual, the grandpa starts his story.. "Oru oorla oru Raja...", The grandchild says "Aiyyo... indha Spectrum kadhai enakku theriyum thatha";-....Good mornin
I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
....Jaime's not his dad, he is!
Now project pa. After that only i can come.
Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later
PaisaPay Check your PaisaPay.in emails every 3 hours, as we normally send new mails in that time. Make www.PaisaPay.in your homepage for an easier access.
Bitch you're a widdu baby syntactician
Want to eat lunch at west coast at 1? Want to eat the chicken rice.
m so sorry , i recorded e wrong channel.. Dun b angry k. Did u ask ur fren to back up...
LOL MAYBE IT WAS LESTER. I'M BUGGING MY BRO TO GO SINGING LESSONS TOO LOL
What u doing siol
Funny bt true.! Hundred words dont giv pain when a teacher takes class...! Bt a frnd's silence-in d exam hall hurts a lot...
Take care of your health
Aye but probably can't walk for a few days... btw what mods youtaking? All cores ah?
m going out le... Tonight then come back leh
Okay.
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
Really she in wad course?
Oh oh. Hao bah. Later call me eh.
I not sure lols! Wth my face keeps peeling forever
Btwwww go reinstate your facebookkkk
U got upload inside e folder i create?
Yup
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
m still in my room... Trying to understand bonds. Hai... Where ü wanna meet?
Will do, maybe monday
Rajee,pls get the address or we cant answer the airport authority qatar
Would you be opposed to coming to <name>'s? He moved to a nicer placeand I think my mom's frustrated with people coming over because ofsurgery >>
Goin 2 hav fud
Rchd uncls hom.
Okay. Dont know eh.
ey how is your new home ,when will you take me to your new home
Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
Sorry finger fat hand spasm i going over to lab nowish
Milk, potato & onion hum le liye hai.
Ikea's open late, huh?
Haha you want to play? My laobu inviting you over.
Neh didnt say anything else.
Its ok. Leave it
Happy new year to u too!
Kannaaa... Only 4 rs remaining in ma mbl...
kidhar tak pohancha ha
hah.. juz alighted frm train
ve got camp today lor... Cant sleep, now oredi at tuas...
Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
What you doing these days?
Haha just bathe finish! Are you home yet? I'm fine with meeting on Monday (:
Pleas
Siddle is good bowler da
Tat time u say about one  buffet call lory  or something....r westill going for tat?...when is it ar?...
Yeah luckily. Now there are even fewer people LOL. There's a negro within the volunteer group!
1st wk sports unlimited extreme camp-eca- 2nd,hall camp.
Thks
Wat the.... Week 9 need hand in rite
U coming back 4 dinner rite? Dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
Nice!
<#> th nov is my last paper.
I tot by  <DECIMAL> ?
U can call me now...
Thks! Sx Ryan will go rite?
ll b goin casual lor... U muz b v happy today, finally got ur license liao... So good....
s at da second floor...
Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)
You answer my question with a question!
Yo. Sorry I was asleep le. You seems to be looking for me urgently.
Ya
Sui bian leh
choose a colour... Just some silly test la...
Caw caw. But Rabe's being too difficult =P =P
Where u eating
Hey, Nishanth here.. catch you soon!
Faster
Haha you can meet at cally house then walk over with him.
OKAY GOODNIGHT
Had pineapple just now. So not hungry... Still waiting for my sis while chatting with ivy. We are discussing abt jessie.
Post!
can help me return my library books?
Ohh like that ah. Okay then nvm.
yeiyei go out le. lovee u deep deep!! dear eat more hor! :)
Same here.. I didn't sleep yesterday.. by be glad everything ends today :-)
hi! are you free next week ?
I'm going to teleport to you and make your cramps go away!
I sent out the consolidated list of unfinished tasks le. Check it outwhen free ya. Laura, add your part yourself ar or wait till scrum simcall u tonight.
Hahahaaahaha.eh now can already just received email that the client run away with another team.nb yao siew musicians.sat ah?u sure I thin thin like tat can carry things help move office ah?
Random guppies and mollies.
Lol why the f is there someone cossing as a Vocaloid at Comex
Haha pwa no need to study la. Do practical jiu okay de.
You are a great role model. You are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but God as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. I've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. Have a great day.
Jst rchd hom.
On d way to collg..
Hahaha 1 pm! Timo ryan you and me! Dunno if weiren coming!
Sorry I just got my contacts switched to my new phone xP
Lunch dinner.. whatever you are meeting for
Lol nice. It's good to get to the bus stop early. Seats are really awesome.
Yoooo
Lol oops did I disturb your sleep?
full payment if ok with u
Hi Stewart, please Ler me know what the arrangements are withKesmond. I need to call him back later. Thanks
Tennis on?
Oh we share the book?
Haha okay bah.
Ok lor...
Bro singtel receive ur first payment of  <DECIMAL> ... Ple make payment for 2nd bill of  <DECIMAL> ...thank you bro..good night sweet dreams..
Ok! Reach le hee
Hey you called?  Still up?
Weekend my friend lor. But it isnt even eating.. The new tank gotheater and bridge?
I think need to state our main stand at the end of each case. Tt isthe most impt thing not to to miss. Structure wise, if u want torestructure, also can lah. But tt one not so critical?
Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again
Tmr we meeting 2pm orchard mrt.... Ü enjoy yourself... Tmr then msg me... Dont anyhow drink hor
Imma going sentosa now. Bout 9 plus come back
Hi juan. Im coming home on fri hey. Of course i expect a welcome party and lots of presents. Ill phone u when i get back. Loads of love nicky
Yup but not sure if going my ahma hse first
paisseh I didn't check my
mail was eating dinner I reply u alr!!! haha
hihi, so are we meeting online today? u free now?
Hey ü free? Go online now!
Sup?
Halo sireee,called u to say i rchd safely.wanted to talk to ur mummy.and once more thanks to aunty.pls tell uncle also.
TOMMORROW IS COLLEGE :-P
Sorry dun think so. U ask andy??
Honey mustard, cabbage and cucumber onli
thiong bahru
No, I'm in my room
Pata nai
K tell me anything about you.
No i left already
Anytime.but she wkg frm 830-530 mon to fri.comfort delgro.at braddell rd.
Yepp going with johnny you know what that means hehe
Shall i call you?
OK I am done. Going to send Shweta off. Should be back for dinner. Wemeet at PGP? Or my room also can
Eh stuff there pretty cheap haha. Went there like maybe 3 to 4 years ago. School hols?
Holy underwater robot
Ooh.. well whoever gets there first then haha
Slept?
Ahahah srugery. Had to wait pretty long for my turn sorreh.
This is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  <#>  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
Lols ps. Holidays ask Dylan sx play bball
4 5 plus... u all overtime so sudden!
Da i hav clas on strdy
Don't worry about it
Hahah.. I'll visit her some other time ba :) I still dunno where to eat.. Haha..
Yup! Coming after lunch :-)
Why u like that =(
I boarding bus soon.. u gt seat?
Steady. We do it ur way today. Haa
Yes why
good morn :) y wake up so early? dun think my test later is goin to be easy.. anyway, good luck for ya test too! Ü
How can it be maybe scary!?!?! *
Dear we are going to our rubber place
No la but we order liao, waiting for you lor
It is ok. you and me always like this rite? See you love you
I havent make yet i was desigining a bit only i need to ask before continuing
Lalalala.hmmm u got submit the article rite? Lol.
O yeah its at 7
Tel
Virginia
GOD has given us ETERNAL LIFE, and this life has its source in his Son. WHOEVER HAS THE SON HAS LIFE. 1John5: <#>  Praise the LORD! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST :-):-)
I have no idea. Den he nid ask others lo
Heya it's wei qi here. I'm trying to arrange a meeting for our group.Are you free next mon after 6?
here here here!! still at dianmin place
orh.. should be ok.. we confirm on friday again
WOT STUDENT DISCOUNT CAN U GET ON BOOKS?
depends on what kind of food you like.
later meeting at comm hall? r u going?
Notthingg 2 b scared of.
Morn. Just ended.
Hey! Ü are back? Ü can take the test ah?
Hahaha confusing! And no i'm not!!!
Lta eday buy  <#>
...
Haha actually i woke up at 6+...Now going to sch...Cya =)
Oh I cant make it.
Don know the time but only at eve and finally it ends on tomorrow eve.
Yup
I can't rem the title. But the theme song is 那些年. My SIS say nice
Its k mam.
在人海当中，看不到尽头。拿出的真心，换来是寂寞。找不到命中注定在一起的那个人，很渺茫我也懂，当但没有放弃过。爱只有简单笔画，却一点都不假，多如银河流沙。我爱过几个人，却找不到永恒，但为何我还是未能放得下。爱是不可数的吗，不过却还有人，深深的相信它。我还是一个人，在等我的缘分，我相信爱不单行不用怕。Hope u like the lyric! My.apology for my stubbornness yesterday!
,wutttt
Hmm I'm considering either dark blue or olive green. Hehe
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
Okay! How to return your jacket! Thanks for it btw!
I love u 2 babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie
Just!
Haha not everyone replying :/ help me call everyone bah!!!
Meet up?
But got hand in correctly, ours is on the far left? Cos the teachersay we don't have.
just finished bath. So tired?tomorrow when you finish your class give me a cal ok love you good night bye
Its  <#>  past  <#>  and my thoughts are on you. On how easy it was for me to fall absolutely in love with you. You are dear to me and i.ll be there 4 you no mata wat
Lol wow:o hahaha really super random sia! HAHA CONGRATS. I enjoy yourpizza hahaha! Nooo I lie on my bed then fell asleep! Haha you have togo assembly too!
When do u think u can wrap up the report? U know the word limit right?
re 8th out of 16 teams
m in sch oredi... Later might not b able to meet u. Cos my sis leavin ard 12 plus...
eh..?i can meet u only at evening time..?
4 ldrs
R ü in school today...
Reach Singapore about 2:30pm.   call you after arrived
I'm at home. Please call
Haha.... Ya i don mind... U are not right?
Marry christmas pass my regards to all
Are you station one?
Kerala awaits the arrival of The Great delegate of World Human Resources Development.Pls welcome Mr.Rajeev Nair.Sir a Warm Welcome to You to the State of Gutters and holes.
Haha. I'm gonna tell charles abt it.
Wait
it's in my folder
Hahas chem? Or physics
no
*sayang* dere dere... Did u hurt urself in e fall? Eh now already past 8:30.. Hope u on e bus down to tution place already..
Haha hao de! Jia you le!
Finally found a room on campus! Thanks for all your help Marc, andsorry for the delay in the website.
Lol I met kai chun. He's in electrical engineering
Shanmugam- <#>
Where r u?
Haha.. Okie... Juz hope he wont come tmr... I wont b so unlucky one... Hiya, cya tmr den...
Ooo got award?? So cool! Haha ooo okay! LOL. so lame!!!!! Haha youcan watch me study! Slap how can you say that ~
yar chap 7 problem  <#>  ki ha?
Need study exam no time
Chou chou so yei yei. U still slping ah. Lg go eat dinner le. Mug mug.
Hi Andrew & Darshi.. Heard that you are attending the talks today :) I'm overjoyed! Pls be punctual though as this is not choir practices.. No 4 letter responses please. hehehe Heb <TIME>
Yeah sure no problem.
s more fun goin w frens lor...
Lols jy
Haha... Saw ur fren huimin on e bus...
Wth which day...
Going Starbucks slack! You can crash later if you want haha!
Terence same shirt
Charmaine said you can join us for the monday meeting.
guys on monday let's meet at the same place.. wrong tree ok? bring your own things.
ll come online now..
Hmm.. ok.
What! Scan both then?
Nolah. A-. How's your results? Got maintian your first class honours?
Haha. Really ah no cry ah. Heeee
Haha I know how much you love dances
Haha my friend knows them. Not sure about the price now, but my ie5cost about  <#>  plus.
Tutorial page 9 qn 1 whole thing
You've got to take pics!
Hi da bro.,gm...Wats up..?Stdying? Me not wel..At scul though...Txt u latr..Do stdy wel..Gbu..:-)
i now at wala wala...haha...tink i tml morning cmi for run...paiseh....
Pink
Lols jus dao amap
Oh... Eh haven say wat u nd leh...
Haha idm but I got cp! End ard 6!
Hi macho, sry i cldnt cum 2 class last week and dis week 2. U knw dat I was lecturin @ IDM ne? My lecture was frm  <#> . Bt 4 these 2 weeks dey hv requestd 2 do it frm  <#> . Dats y i cldnt cum lst week and i wnt cum dis week 2. Send me shehan's no, so i cn cal hm latr. Tc. Bye.
Your probability doesnt add up to 1?
All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
Macho practice finishd.nw goin hm.dam tird.cl u latr.hp u fin.t.c.g.b
??? How can
Issit? i dunno about it.. thn ur nephew wil continue to stay at home play wf u loh.. happy? haha..
LOL HAHAHA I HAVE A PIGEON IN MY HANDS.I'M ON A HORSE.
s hse to cut cake... At ang mo kio...
Hey we tmr go driving centre? Then later go meet xt and lyn for dinner?
Okie just send me the format when u r free thanks! I just check mineI got  <#>  the median is  <DECIMAL>  lol lucky me... I tink my lastqn got 2 working mark
We are together lol
We are coming
Where shall we have breakfast?
?
Lol ok. Just asking becoz my msn kinda screwed, sometimes can't add contacts
Then just say cannot la.
Whr
Were gonna go get some tacos
Ohh okay x.x I go see the website bah!!
hi good morning have a good day
I sent out draft 2 le.
Wahaha...Dat means u can concentrate on ur studies.. Why u going to sch?
Helloooo... Wake up..! "Sweet" "morning" "welcomes" "You" "Enjoy" "This Day" "with full of joy".. "GUD MRNG".
Any friend can say.I can understand ur feeli ngs." But a real frnd will only say
Xpress urself to someone who cares for u.. Not to someone who needs u, bcoz care means personal commitment & need means personal requirement.. Gm
Haha date you out eh.
lol.. most of the mods u taking gt projects?
Hey can meet for TIP after roll call at  <DECIMAL>
Hello why you silent
Happpppy birthdayyyy.haha.now <#> year old ah.lol.
Practical english book.. Thomson and Martinent
Yeah fish. Ooo oranges. I might be taking a short nap soon. Medicine's making me drowsy.
Yarr all around there but dunno shops open or not today saturday
Dun have haha, unless got Olympiad training or chinese!
t sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
sure!
I'm in office
Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later
Sorry dad I will be out whole day.
Lol nice hah
will you be coming?
Ok. I will tell him that, to be the same as the wall color.  Thanks.
Lol its ok ill change it back when u least expect it.
U would hv seen lady gaga makin eye gesture wid her fingers and da goat thing
K:)k.sony max.
Haha dun want, I want to walk! And not v nice if you do for me bahhaha its my own fault never do earlier haha:/ wow haha pro pro! admirehis observation skills haha!
Can can. Send me through mail eh.
I know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. Thank you. good night.
Woot at mrt liao.
Do you want me to do laundry for you? I bought your cookies le!
Any prob with me
Lol overseeing highschool robotics elections
Oh hang on
its sunday 6 at suntec
Ayega?
HAHA vivien asked me to bring you!! Ooo icic! Haha I guess afterawhile ppl tolerance levels not so high ah. Haha so sneaky!! So areyou free to join us later?:P
I having lesson now ... y
wat are u going to buy for her present??
HAHA you really damn suay! I just said yeah we're very close!^^
Yay thanks!! Yeah! But see what's left of it bah, we didn't make alot!
Going for appearing exam getting tensed!!
Now. But got a lot hmwk
Eh... U wanna catch a movie wif me...
Lol dots.
Uhh oh overslept! Oh wells shall just go! Jiayou chibi! Hahaha:x
s gettin naughty... Always bite n scratch me...
i work to get chance ju
dum dum bus not coming,. :( dear dear u go buy food first?
Hey! U gg to jia ying's house tonight?
A.R.Senthilkumar,HSBC BANK, <#> ,Race Course Road,srivari gokul towers, coimbatore-  <#> .
K
ll be in school to do some work lor.
K i wnt enough ah
Sounds good.......
Huh, so lonely ah... I think i not eating lunch lor...
Ps. Den they all ownself go?
Got la I got see your happy side also. yes yes I'm totally gonnawatch it lol. My fren gave up after second episode. He say toodepressing to continue LOL
Kk thks
Haha... Put on weight at e wrong place leh... Ya la, enjoy too much cheesecake oredi... So u r in e bowlin comp...
Hi ladies, we will be meeting up for dance practice at  <TIME> pm tmr @ aunty catherine's hse. Please reply me after seeing this msg. Thank you.
Hey, tml meet  <DECIMAL> pm outside nyp library. Then we meet gavinat his place at 4pm.
U wan or not?
Ya... got Louis koo and donnie yen! Lol... currently got jasmine serJeremy and me...
What are you talking about? I'm talking about not stealing your meat!hahaha okay okay I won't slap you!! Hahaha icic!
They released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
Hi frd, fire ur worries and sadness on bhogi nd hav a happy pongal and dont escape from treat on  <#> th... nee sollati unoda b'day yenaku teriyada;) :)
Why!! Its so cute! Hahaha aww it ended liao! LOL seriously ah! Okaylor! I write abit then hand up! Haha yeap that would be very awesome!Hmm haha what do you do during cny?
pj.ur a malay/ chinese,rin?
Hw r u gal?
I'm actually up in the Northwood area! Sorry!
LOL I DON'T KNOW I JUST SAW THE THREE PEOPLE YOU SAID THEN I WAS LIKEOH GOOD LUCK LOL HAHAHA
Ya. So congrats for getting the internship at stand chart and do rmbto use part of your $ <#>  to treat me. Thanks in advance.
Pls check fr 2 things before buying any house in future:1) Chain of the Property should exist.2) Mapping of the Property should be minimum  <#>  yards. This is theeligibility of the Property to be Valid for Mapping.
Hee ok  no need bring charger k love love wifey
What are you at?
Hey can u do ur part of the extended essay and send me? Bout  <#>  words
Lol ya lo try lo better than not trying! Haha maybe cab dun get deduct point
Anna at wat time it starts?
I may come at 7... Why de?
Ok. Still busy at work...
Lol mystery?! Haha then I shouldnt even interact with the suspect eh.Lol we are the detectives yeah.
Oh ok
Dur rehke haste rahoge to chalegaKbhi kbhi milte rahoge to bhi chalegahamari yaad me 1msg to karnaFir wo msg khali hoga to bhi chalega
Ok. Seeya
Aunty, <name>'s HP battle die.  Anything call me k:)
Shitz den y u all celebrating monday??
what time are we meeting tomorrow?
I say wat?
SEX TEACHER:-lund me HADDi hoti hai? GiRL:- YES SiR hoti hai. BOY:- NO SiR NAHi hoti in Bahen ki lodiYon ko KYA MALUM inhe to hamesha KHADA huaa hi MILTA hai.
No problem. Enjoy your day!
hoho
coz the other cracker no more
Alright we'll figure it out... argh, I don't know what to do, thecomputer might be broken to get the truck
Hee ok hon. Just reach sembawang
Kk
What u talking bout early morning? It's almost noon where your at!
R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
Want me to do it?
Wat is the restuarant name?...
-.-
ve woken up...
end problems jo karni ha
Tomorrow night I'm free though, but u should be going home right?
Waa lame. Can't take it man
Yupz... Sure... Evenin rite...
ll pay u on fri den...
s cutting quite short 4 me leh.
Pls b thr at  <DECIMAL> pm 2day 4de practis. Thanx
WA.. then how. Alight and take opposite?
Waa imba. Guo ran shi soh jie
m at tanah merah mrt now and reading up on activity diagram.
Which is now right.
Okay...
Plz call me
Bald??LOL
Ps jus saw the quest  <#> mins ago
what book ?
Did you take the baby for his shots?
Okay can help me buy 4 packers of flour and 1 packet of egg?
Can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
Where u
Haha tablets! Wow haha direct bus! Ahh then I hope no one flags the bus!
:P hahaha I have no idea who's my arp teacher!! T.T
Sorry, some cannot make it so no meeting tmr.
Laogong, I reached home le! Get back safely ok! Kisses to my wonderful baobei.
Cutest Proposal ever: Boy:Hey,i've got 2 Words 4 u. Girl:Watz dat? Boy:I Love U. Girl:Isn't dat 3 Words? Boy:No,Coz U & I Both are 1. GOOD AFTERNOON....
Hi FON
As a punishment you have to go and check the answer on the topic
She my year de.
(Y) (Y)
Woooooo. Satisfactory jiu hao loh. Haha. Overall CAP got improve?
Hahas np
but on other way why don't u do the same. I will feel good. :-);-)
Haha nope its y still! If she anal I'll cry and make her feel guilty!!
DID YOU JUST SAY MATRIX LOL
Haha sweet! In going on a run today :)
Morning. Why?
Lol I really dreamt of you sia!
Yoyo! My dad says if want to eat prata tmr need to reach ard  <#>coz  <#>  is the last order o.o how??
Haha.. Yea
Yea Joel me going back
Ok where r ü..
See u guys in dl...
If you want to mapquest it or something look up "usf dogwood drive", that's the tiny street where the parking lot is
Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Ugh I know. This page (to reach an eventual paladin) hardly mobs, notnew attack for 2nd job class and it's slower than a retard using a 2hsword
K d
Wah now tt i change to your sellorder table, i've probs editing ndeleting products liao. I'll upload the zip file, u see whether cansolve anot tml morning.
you should be happy always
Hey hey are you meeting the helpers tmr?
Wish u n ur family a happy nu year
Lp lg  in pl6
C6 :/
The bedbug peeps are coming friday  <#>
K d if i knw i vil msg u
Sounds like fun. I really havent seen what michigan has to offer
Never. But all these are good memoirs. Never should be condemned. I never like to hurt although i like to tease u.
Eh June holiday like no course for muay Thai le!
Dar dar can do me a favour.. help me send my bro's email to  <EMAIL>. and change all the presentation to interview. Log in his hotmail..<EMAIL>  . pw :Jd <#> NdlS (is L not I)
Ya lo i wan bbbbaoo also!! Whines. Heee
He must become more important while I become less important. John <TIME>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day and a happy weekend filled with GODs LOVE :-):-)
Aiyo.. I so want to sayang my Chou baobei!! Dar dar I give u a bigbig hug. With kisses. Muacks!
Lol ok szucy
Waa. Stressed shitzzz. Kk jyjy
Haha Yeap! Wah you must be smart lor!
is it ?
I confirm e time again, yuan wil b in sch cos she has meetg at 10. Yeyi should b coming 2
WHAT ABOUT EDWIN????
Yo I don't wanna participate in sports day, u can ask jens or Spencer haha.
Oo.. ya in school.. she sick?
Lol wah so fast. Haha you want anything from coop? I buying drinks.
LOL your bro so smart:D you noob:D hahaha jio you liao you dun want come!!
wat modules are u taking next sem?
t get thru his handphone, thks
Pls download "Viber" application for free calls and msgng. It's awesome.
Haha ins is the killer lo. Made me slept so much. I swear thefirewall blocks me from ongoing.
We know TAJ MAHAL as symbol of love. But the other lesser known facts 1. Mumtaz was Shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. Shahjahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. Mumtaz died in her  <#> th delivery. 4. He then married Mumtaz's sister. Question arises where the Hell is the LOVE?:-| -The Great Hari-
Hahaha I sit there happily drink coffee.then bo Dai bo ji got the fat girl sit beside sia.haha.
Btw, pls show them these messages if u haven. Discuss what? Wed isimpossible, easier said than done, I machine each to fking length costhe stress skin thickness diff at diff point. Alu is freakingmakeshift, still want to any how make them in short amount of time,and these r critical parts. If want to do it, do it gd or don't do itat all. He is the one who say his stressskin better than steel bars.
So they haven't found it?
I'm on the bus. Love you
Give one miss from that number please
Are you going to bring ur laptop later? If u r, I wanna send u a webpage related to the coolen.
Haha yeah lo. And I still havent got my shirt :-(
Watchu doing now
Are we grocery shopping tomorrow? I nee   to know when so I can knowif I can go with my friend
good morning, how was your night?
<#>  min me aya
Yo you looking for me?
Thats the sad part, ive lived here like all my life and havent done much in my adult years
Pa is of course da curry one but i ask him later if he wans a not...
I'll return you your jacket tmr!
Caw caw!!
If u dun mind...i borrow from u tonite?...
I need ur cv today on my mail. There was some prblm with downloadingfrom linkedin. Pls send it today on  <EMAIL>
Home! I go bathe kle
Lol that moment wont bring you any further. Haha you carry on to bemy test pet bah. LOL
Shiok new app!
Bharath University # 1, First Main Road, Kasturibai Nagar, Adyar Chennai, Tamil Nadu  <#>   <#>   <#>   <#>
I same grp as u rite
Watching the last episode of <#> teehee
Mok is here. U like him?
I KNEW IT!
Sorry unable to attend your home.
And now?
Yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?
Can help me find out? I need it now.
Table soccer le. Lols u tink wad sia
My nick..reali.
Hi:)
ll consider after all e talks lor, c which one more interestin...
HAHAHAHA that's really funny lol I thought what thing got wings. Hahahaha
Dun need. Pearl asked le... Just walk in
Got ocs. End at 1
Lol I know what is general. But this is too uncannily similar to whatI've been doing! you can b honest with me; I need to know if I'veoverstepped my bounds.
Sahara desert. S5 ep 1
Whaaaatttt? No way!!
Okay noted. No need. Thanks.
Nthng.
Just went out for lunch. Yeah think it's hokkien.
you there ?
TRIASSASSINDONTDIE  is the code for the first one, well good nightand sweet dreams, I love you
I'm here:)
would you be going town later ?
Haha omg so shiok! Haha short and cute:P haha is it!! remind me toshow you the awesome table I drew for the practical!!! Haha I paidattention today and my notes super neat and nice!(: pata is tmr!
You want to play?
Yo tonight you free mah.
Yup... Okay... Nothing nice to go for on thurs except pilates leh
What?
Wan aggro him till when
Thanx i think t ws ok
Hi can we change this week tuition to sat  <#> pm instead?
Im in senai airport waitin for my dads russian crew,then bring then for dinner,hope can make it back for my baby
Hello uncle, do you want to donate to awwa? Thursday is the closing date le.
C0me upstairs
Home!!! :DD
Tamildirtystories.com indianpornvideos.com
Probably a couple hours tops
As in I will receive late but can see the time you sent the msg! Hahacoz got two pool slots this week le I think! Then today land trainingoptional! Hahaha I will be under pressure to go :P
Take your time.
Yeiyei get to school safe ar!! I gt out soon
No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
You shoudld hav guessed it. Basically wishing u a happy chinese new year. May u get a lot a lot of hong bao! :)
Heee. Yeiyei makes my day!!
You were just with Chong hui is it?
Lol jerk.
mas.
They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  <#> yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
Haha you so cute! I went to play karma! Didn't realise my com ran outof battery haha :P
I've taken a look at the template website of yours. Can use anyone ofit is it? Why u choose that particular template ar? Haha.
Go wat time tmr? My lab at 2pm..
Sure thanks man!
I NEVERsaid dirty. That is YOUR word, not mine.
Haha I see. Lol I think I will filter out  <#> % of the songs.
Hi mom we made it
I think I heard. Not sure. Stressssss
Tot meifang say mayb having? If not u apply leave for??
Hmm  <#> am.
Huh... Die la... My top no more...
Who you are:-)
Ya I know. That's why I need you to help me call those that didcompilation or anyone possible.
Go train!
Heehee okay!!! I showed my dad the pink belt he had that "HAHA I'M SOGONNA TEASE YOU" face! Hahahaha then I told him I'm wearing samecolour as you then he was like "omg of all people????" LOL I hope youaren't emo LOL
Yeah that's the way it works. The male will take care of the eggsafterwards and the female must be removed.
She has a bolt on her face and ring in pokrface. It seems the satanic "s" Wch represnts a lightning bolt dat mens 'Destroyer'.In methology it waz the weapn of Zeus. Worn to hav power ovr othrs. Also waz worn by the feared SS OF nazi germany
Anyway, let me know when you're done! I went to staffroom le!
U took recently agn? Hmm den u nid to jog more to get rid of fats first lo
K I'm ready,  <#> ?
Lols u ask em
I dun think I can. See 1st
Aah nice nice :-)
OK. I come alone..
Bhai hue kya
Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
Heading to woodlands le sweety
Dear I go slp e. Tml meet u at  <#>  k. I wak up call u. But u setur. Arm too. Lv lv u
KBCQ D
Macs got 1 for 1 leh
Is there anything on on  <#> th july
Bro what's up
Mr lim, Truman here. Is it possible for our grp to meet you at  <#> - <DECIMAL>  break for TIP
Lmao your crazy
Hw lng did u slpt.
miss u
okie
Hmmm... Dun have... Thk toa payoh got... Troublesome 4 u anot, cos u still have to cut cake. Or u wan another day instead...
So that's u Shweta Ramees and?
Wan take  <#>  then take  <#>  to pasir ris? Like that no need taketrain. Hehe
Btw, how's e footage captured by chunmin?
Hi James care to intro
Alright xP
Mr lim, Truman here. Is it possible for our grp to meet you at  <#> - <DECIMAL>  break for TIP
Yup.
Doing good buddy. Hope ur doing good too by the grace of GOD
K lo. Joel present how
Ok to catch tat posari dhoti huh k k al d best try wel janu
Hahahaha you will scared meh lol
Can't le I at orchard le...
Hihi so did you buy anyth for the mentees?
Why? I thought it was <#>
National day need stay home amen. Buy stuff back can le
There's a pool near my apartment apparently haha
23 m ok for u?
Hey, most probably we'll end b4 dinner time bah.
m going down nus submit forms
What mood
Anna sambal poosita varalama? Epadi mudium? *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Hahaha
Haha I dun really care le! Yup ace! LOL you walked past? Slaphahahahaha my fringe really to long! I gave up on one question haha ohwell! Sleep until v shiok (:
Acha he na aap jaldi sudhar ja0ege:-D..
Haha im walking down now
Okay. Meet you in a while.
I'm at work, can I call you in an hour? I can't text that
Still love ur koi right lol... Haha Li hai pay then say lol... yummynoodles place? Where is it? I am so full T.T... fat fat le lol...
Wah lame. Today my 2pm to 4pm lesson only last for half an hour. Thennow I'm going home le. Retarded.
I not going le. I watching movie... 2moro u wan go? Sohjie frensgoing niaz ...
Do ü have the solution for the 2003 april solutions?
Bahut Bahut Mubarak Hai Ye Sama,Bahut Hi Nayab Lag Raha Aaj Jahaan,Aapse Dur Hoon Swikaar Kijiye Ye Sandesh,Aapke Janmdin Se Sajaa Hai AAj Saara Jahaan.Happy birthday
Very entertaining
Achha
Like  <DECIMAL>
Hey today I end class at 4pm.
Haha thanks thanks awesome banker to u lol win $ -1 rep =p
Nice! Wahaha my bro is being racist!
Ok! I.d have finished exams by then.. See ya! You all finish exams already ar?
Call aint going. Give miss call 4m other cell.
Mr lee I would like to try digitally painting my a3 work. Can uplease help me scan my a3 size work? Thks a lot
Haha plan tgt then more fun! (: haha he haven't reply!! Hey youcheater! I mean I also did lah but not in a cinema!! Haha yeah I did!They were like whoa movie so late! Haha are they going to let othersknow about it anytime soon?
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Mallika Reporting boss TEL;CELL: <#>  X-CLASS:private END:VCARD
my email: cheoklet@pacific.net.sg Do send me the pictures! hugs.
Reach can. I go school first?
Aur ye to btao ji apka pura name kya he:->
Huh? Can like that meh. Bishan already. Was eating. Haha.
Kent, it's okay if your cousin is busy lah. We've decided tt even ifwe get the comments, we'll be putting them under appendix.
Hahaha. U sooo naughty! ! I had a wonderful day with u!! Lub u back squirms!
No eh it's okay dont worry hahaha
So you only got math?
Ok will soup at home haha
Aww alright bah haha
I jokin oni lar.. Ü busy then i wun disturb ü.
Haha yeah omg think I was damn tired? Hahaha shiok! I finally readall my emails and replied! (:
Heh thanks!
Whole lesson write essay. She give us some newspaper article then ask us come up with our own question lololol
Oh, i will get paid. The most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for Hasbro...in AUGUST! They made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. Still not.
Haha. Notty Notty ah. :-) ling is it?
Haha hopefully. This is so sad and boring haha.
WTF tts all u got to say?! Pinky bro, I m disappoint man
Got a  <#>  slot and  <#>  slot. But from our class I only message uand eugene leh, he's okay also. The rest I lazy n I hav a feeling theyall mia, only u more on.
<#> ? Me and <name> are Karuking
Wat are words if u don't really mean them when u say them
3 days at nite
Catch tio whale.
Ok thank you sir.
The -1/2 is in the power or separate?
Fk Korean movies. I watched le...
I'm also thinking of going blonde
G0pal kaun%-)
U mean tomw? Yup ok. U got tell leona?
Haha wait till you get your shows from me first. Your poc total  <#>gb plus eh. Good luck!
The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
Haha I dont know leh. Later dont have how.
Leaving ard that time too.  Bringing laptop home?
Yea
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
shld b ok. but i have to go for another meeting halfway
Lols Wads ur holiday plan? Doing wad
Not going out today something cropped up I am going to be here with my friends on twitter
It's thick but it's small. Haha.
kar liya tha download....
I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
God is sweet
Hahahaha oh yeah you brought them just now?
Ooo kool.
good morning honey.. i woke up already.. where r u?
Ok lor. I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
Sorry, meant to say that I cant make it today because my child issick.  Please go ahead and meet if possible, but I will try to talk toover email later. Sorry!
Reaching interchange
Haha bought your glue gun already?
Miss u
Hahaha! Announce it? Hmm I dunno! I shall see first:P hahaha sorry Ididn't tell you earlier haha:x
Tml lunch at imm?
clock?
Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
i heard from my frens that love actually is a pretty gd show... u want to watch it?
No problem baby. Is this is a good time to talk? I called and left a message.
Not gonna call fabian?
Happy cny to u too
koi kam ki baat hoi sir se control ki
Haha yup sleeping le! You? Nope he didn't ask at all! Haha nice! Hightech sch is high tech!
I ok. Then he?
Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
Food catering im settling tonight. Tmr im not sure if I can make it.For logistics, hopefully next week I can squeeze out time to buy thestuff.
WTF tts all u got to say?! Pinky bro, I m disappoint man
Where r u?
Lol it's frightening leh. Later in the future I also like tht. T.T
Y
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
around 15 minutes
Im still on bus. 2 more stops.
Face every thing with smile. Gud nyt swt drms tk cr.
U want to watch movie after school tmr?
Meet me, I'm not through security
Then she dun believe wat?
Nvm lol
Haha can i have a bottle of lemon tea? My throat is killing me.
Yup.
Oops your class start already? Hahahaha
Well I guess there's not much to do =(
Last one from bt panjang is  <#>  I think! Oh good! Hello confused!Hahaha yeah I do ah but sometimes I leave out details like meeting youat ten haha :P
Nope. Will be online ard 8 hehe. Out now.
Haiz u all jus being 2 particular, da jin xiao kuai. If u live in flat he will walk u up also.
Starts on  <#> th
Lol whyyyyyyy
Wth hardcore addict! I want other versions le
Stephy, I think I got your ipod cable with me. :-)
Lols okay clementi then, sohjie probably not going. Who else going. I 1 end e
Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
She is even ruder, which I thought was impossible
You coming to section?
Then u going ikea str aft dat?
m not attendin e stats tut tmr... Gee, goin to e doc cos of my rottin hand, partly lazy oso la...
Hahahaha then after cny become bui bui.hahaaaa.
I hate you!
Haha I see. Faster come online help me do assignment leh lol.
Yesterday I chose already lols
y so quiet all of a sudden?
Haha, my phone is close to dieing
ll turn out at telok kurau there... My fren say one...
I REALISED I NEED TO GO FIND ARP ON MONDAY SORRY SORRY SORRY!!!!
Zai hor! 佛界啦
Woohoo. Share leh
LOL. HAHAHA DAMN FUNNY HAHAHA
but who will help you with e food? ...
am coming to you
Not lie, iie
8 o clock. Aromas?
Ohh lazy. Like first season is a presidential assassination. Second season is a nuclear bomb threat. Third season is about the release of a deadly infectious substance.
Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  <#>  for me.
Gg deadly combo! Singapore only got 1 type of mantis ar. Hey btw2moro imma meeting Joel at clementi at 6 to go eat with shaohao theyall u wan?
Will call you shortly. In a meeting wai...
My fren signing up for da limited one... Then me how...
Clementi lols. Normally hawker centre nicer
Oh ya ok. I still going btw.
thanks a lot & wish you the same! i hope it isnt rude of me bt can u pls send me the name cuz i dont hav the number in my phonebook. :)
Wow still got shirt ah?
Haha see how ah! This mon!  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> (?)
Haha why dun like!! Haha dunno leh, weird la haha! She's like theprisch version of abbie! as in like we quarrel and stuff before butbecome friends again haha! I dunno, should I? Janice Goh is from thatchurch too haha! I just reached home, my grandma want eat downstairsso now my bro and I accompanying her! Haha I haven't start that one,doing another one halfway haha!
dear, reached home le!! dadingding. now my turn to remind u.. latermust rinse mouth and drink water then put gel ok! love u!!
Talk to u later
Ok thks! So not a lot la
OH MY
i miss you all
I dont know. I didnt think about it until you asked me again. Huishitexted me just now about it.
Abhi tm wahi raho. Hm ate hai. Niche market ghumo.
Whats wrong? Are you angry?
Sent say san child go back on e learning
Haiz... Mayb got to catch not so young de ba
No idea tooo.
Imma on bus le. Sry!
Umm oh you got yourself a room.
Yo dude I'm leaving around three
Tazz hi care to intro?
Fri we going out for dinner, u ok w it?
Oic...Ok...Tell me la when u noe e time...Goin into my dream land alr tired good night...
ok, see you later on when you are free.
Dunno. Anyway the pvc still there rite
9 ppl only
Lol jkjk I was using AYE msg as template
Ok..
m surprised she still can guess right lor...
Huh?? 730 can?
see you la. I wait for you.
Hey please send me the docs for jussportz
Yes! Lynette's gathering helpers on that day.
Hahaha stressed out :-P my weight is still the same leh lol. you toojia you wo! Meet upz soon!
Good morning angel
I think its tue at e same time as e normal lesson.. Sowie 4 e late reply.reb here using my dad hp
Have you eaten dinner?
<#>
Haha really! They not staying tonight! Idm (: (:
You getting back any time soon?
Choose 1 la lols
Yo haha tmr rmb bring the dress, small black jacket, pink belt, crocsheels and small figurines! Thanks!
Hi Andreu, dady came. About 2 start I think. Wishing u a hapy n safe journey. May God bless u. Bye.
Hahahaha we dont have lots of photos leh.
Lol lazy sia.
Eh see wring. Yea nid sine programming. Emo
Computing class mah just ask goh done deal
Ok! Ü
m goin...
Haha Ok.
Cause I'm not freaky lol
Dear!! Lesson ended!! Hee. Going to take  <#>  back now..
Headed that way
did u get my message last night
Ok got it off did you bring the lock :p
top notch see you then x x x
Lol you can try calling her.
Ohh ps mrt. What am I talking about sia omg i'm so blur. Hahaha slapyou made me sweat also!!! Why thank me hahaha I'm borrowing yourukelele leh haha! Take care and drink more water!
Lols I also buy alr. Today can go collect. But only wearing during sports
I can bring my own equipment too
Eh sala. Wrong wrong person. You dont have to come online
Oh... Kaiez lor... Wa, u so efficient ah, so fast done... Den u confirm w me again lor... C meet where...
I know u r angry.. I 'l talk u tonight so that i can clear my side
Haha fell asleep le? Sorry for keeping you up! I'm going to sleepnow:) nights!
Eh wat is how is it like also hor lol... dun understand that line...haha ya lo but if got wed after 4 pm de let me know also I dn likethur slot too lol... haha ur mum how come every Tue cook hao liaoone...
Okay then u all come over loh. Same place where we stayed overnightlast fri. But i don't have multi plug.
Haha it's not your fault really! I dun sleep properly to start withso:/ haha I dun know why i'm so stressed also, usually I bochap one,maybe coz th is in hostel this time haha, then she and abbie both sosmart!
Haha how is ur work then! We gone teh after that lol... to me not badarh dunno.how u find it lol....
Connecting.... connected successfully!! Knowledge is currently beingshared.. warning warning.. explosion due to intense excitement hasbeen detected.  Doooooooo. I love u!! Hee
can you help me wake him up??
Hihi weitieng sorry>< i'm having a fever now so I don't think I canmake it for tmr's land training><
Erm Nop I tink. But its okay de
Well just to make things clear that wasn't a suan. It was more alongthe lines of '你醒了吗:-)'
Sorry I'm just texting you now, but my phone has not been working that well yesterday. The other candidate is losing her permit right now, so we only have that guy left, but he has not called back since.
Dear andrew.Cn u pls tl me da name of that site which has al da psalm music.I hv lost ur mail.
<#>   <#>
How's it?
Hi :)
Imp
Stop it always make fun of me. U go call him lar then got car hee... My sis going home 4 dinner. So wat then we meet 4 dinner lor.
Yup! It won't show what time I receive though! Haha wake them up!!!I'm hungry also, come sch eat with me!!!
And what the you were late is it HAHA
Go imm lor. I want to go buy nuggets. Nus sold out.
<#> , $ <DECIMAL>  or $ <DECIMAL>  if u recently got strike 4d
<DECIMAL> pm ok?
s hall, stayin over..
Blk s1a level 6 turn left .right?
Left hse le dar
Iie, miru koto ga arimasen
Sir, hope your day is going smoothly. i really hoped i wont have to bother you about this. I have some bills that i can't settle this month. I am out of all extra cash. I know this is a challenging time for you also but i have to let you know.
Dnt worry .. Jst try 2 score gud mark @ public exm..k
Nice Quote- You dont really need someone to complete you, . . you only need someone to accept you completely. :)
Honth jab Honth se milte hain to kya hota hai... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hamesha galat hi sochte ho Muh band ho jata hai idiot.
Also, are we ale to come over?
Come soon
U betta start supporting ma team :-)
S.s:)i thinl role is like sachin.just standing. Others have to hit.
about  <#> mins.
have you completed your tutorial? need some help.
Ok since everyone can make it on mon. Lets make it at seven thirty Taka fountain. Is indonesian food at Sanur ok or Suntec.
Mr lee you can send to my hotmail.  <EMAIL>
Kuch khubsurat sath chuta nhi krte, waqt ki shakh se lamhe rutha nhi krte, Milte h kuch log aise zindgi me, Jinse rishte kbhi tuta nhi karte...,gm
Hahaha I just saw that and thought that basically lol
Hmmm... okay.. can.
Emo. U all bought already ar? Buy for Joel den buy hk other things lo
Saying Earth is 6k years old or that woman came from a rib orwhatever is ridiculous... the actual entity isn't in my opinion. Ifscience could prove  within reason that a kind if god  didn't exist,it'd be ridiculous to believe in
Lols mayb imma swimming too lols.oh nvm then I go do art le ttyl
Haha ponning together I think! Hahaha idm but I think by then I checkout le! I also dun mind coming back to hostel! Hahaha shao hao justran away hahaha
Uhh dunno just compre paper. zzz Like i dun need the time liddat :/
alright! u have a good night!
Then ?
Wat time u coming to school?
<#> <#>
Wtf the guest speaker us feng ping.
Haha I going exchange on Wednesday night, you can go with wen!! (:
You can have the couch!
Ehhs sorry! I just got this._. Can leave aft I finish folding myclothes sorry!
Dear i am not denying your words please
Lolorz at least i don't think i died too badly
K
Emo Joel can't go
We can in at after 5pm so please be ready before  <TIME> pm at least. Have a nice day!!!
Love u back
s going 2 rain soon.
It will be there.
Okay set!
I gt this msg 4 de 3rd time
I anything. Can go home or ur hse
Yeap and kristacia?
I lub u!
Erm waiting 4 my fren to pass me something...Which tut? I thot we got tutorials? Haha
Moive
Aiya solved.
Ya! So sad lor! Lol.. Lecture abt to start.. Haha.. Feels stressful..
yeiyei coming out le ma?
Hello... Ü wanna have reunion? Haha... Gen ñ i wanna go play pool tml, so wanna ask ü all too. Wanna go?
Oic... I wrote da jsp n was wondering how come nothing happens... Sorry but how do ü upload it 2 da server...
Lil fever:) now fine:)
Thanks! Really appreciate it! Love ya loads!! <3
Goto 2 malayu room lah! U can find sme cute gals!!!
Ready to collect it from me anytime soon?
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
Its okay ^^ come soon! (:
I dnt want
Damn it you don't do features -.-
Meet kara by her work base
Will be late  <#> th minhee
Alright now at outram le. U all watching midnight movie ar
Hehe:P Huiwen there liao can help me find her? I told her to wait atcontrol station!
YOU ARE MY DEAREST SON,THE CHILD I LOVE BEST. WHEN EVER I MENTION YOUR NAME I THINK OF YOU WITH LOVE.MY HEART GOES OUT TO YOU; I WILL BE MERCIFUL. Jeremiah  <DECIMAL>  Have a Blessed Day IN CHRIST :-)
Haiyoh i super tired. Wont go and see him lah
What did you say XD
kisssssss u!! :-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*. hee.<3<3<3xoxo<3<3<3 mugmug.
kidhar
The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
Can la jus do lighter
4 cores and 1 ss... thinking of overloading sia... lol u took the wrong bus?
Coming soon. Today four of us need to hand in project so not going lect. Later i reach sch then call u.
OH LOL HAHAHA WHAT IS THIS HAHA I HAVE NO IDEA O.O LATER I SHALL ASKHER HAHAHA
s everythings gonna take.. can we confirm tomorrow? :)
Plz.. No mor flirts on me..
And the grand total is....::drumroll::... <#> , <#> !!
i cant sing tm leh his frenz and us going hotel buffet already confirmed wit them leh.. Weekday cannot huh? Next sat i not ard liao
Haha so early? I woke up by u!
Hi jiayi!! hope you're having fun in Taiwan now! Sorry but can youask wensin if she can sms me her ic, home telephone and address? Needto apply fr ssef sorry!
Eh...u reaching sch wat time?...b4 u go for prof teoh meeting...upass me ur laptop and charger and stuff...i do my citation in urlaptop on ur file..so no have so many version...can?...
Hi Jan, my email address is  <EMAIL> . thank you!
D: yellow jacket!!!
Eh.. y considered hai? Actually I juz wanted to let them be prepared ma
Kiss u somenore. I go pong pong first.
Just bathed lor. Truman donated <#> + smses.
Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
Wan eat dinner?
Haha I pon my math tutorial! Cos din even have attendance lo lol...panda so cute! I like! Haha... endangered specie leh lol.... so fastso Li hai!
You need fetch?
Check your account
so fast reach home.. Tdy nothing to do leh, now playing with my laptop. Shld hv stay at home. Yest slept ard 6+.
Hey pink... U got license liao... Yeah, can drive us ard...
Hey u all can go over first. Later i go back to take my bag.
ve to wait at home for da dvd player...
Vishnu epudu
Orh, then u??
I am back home already. Okay please do tell me.
Yun ah...U going 4 stats tmr? I nid to copy notes frm u...=)
Oh fine, I'll be by tonight
Hey never see you online these 2 days... Got activated or what? Chosen your modules yet?
No  <#>  participamts only.
Do u swim?
You go in first
Ny yet
Oh shit:)now i'm on the way to fis:)
My brake lines can move 1. Keep to the cad. I at appointment now.
my hp num is 0165460953 more cheaper sms by phone!
Haha oh ya lol I just found it nia. Thanks.
Maybe abt  <DECIMAL>  like that lah.
No problem gd nite!
Hey.. Can you come outside the lab?
Anybody wants to pump tml night?
Cannot find people... as usual...
No ah haha the hanging fixed le, but the sms receiving lag time notfixed! Haha no I only have one dress, my dad said might be a littleshort so get new one lor. Haha :)
ve eaten quite a lot, i thk go back will put on 1 kg again... Hee... Then u dun wan me already... My flight num is sq67...
No mood den go sleep ba if not waste time do shit work
LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
Ok nvm then. BTW u 2moro going kayaking?
Busy ?
Sorry!! Huh then your dad also cmi?
What's up?
Go earlier do wat Oo? I tired slew
nus
m reachin...
ll b goin to e busstop now lor... U c me den alight lor... E stop is opp my hse one leh, correct rite...
com2# <#> .. her room.where u?
what's her name?
have a good study
Haha. Ok
Oh izzit. Anything lo
Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
Wilson, can we meet on next tue,  <#>  to 2pm for a rehearsal of ourpresentation? Haha.
Wat the. I wonder wat u have been doing man
What time is your consultation?
Yo! Wanna send yixin off at e airport tmr at 12 sth? I tot of getting some 2g pple to go then can hv mini 2g gathering. Mayb with cheney, andy n jun yuan?
Hi :) i ll be at home today, shall we meet up tomo? But anyway ll discuss on phone with both of u today, maybe evening time? Cya :)
es, terrorists die anyway but this man will die because Indian law system proved him guilty for a rarest of rare crime
Haha true... then central bah I wanna eat cai fan so long never eat! Lol
I think i might need to put you aeroplane liao, cannot finish my work ><
I'm gonna be late ): my debrief just ended!
Lols kk
Nope
Oh oh. I will be collecting $ <#>  from each participant, inclusiveof the $ <#>  tee shirt. So $ <#>  would be for food eh.
Oh OK np.. take care :-)
Muay Thai tutorial disc
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
Sorry for the late reply.. I have not got good marks.. :'( plz don't ask.. Hope you have got good marks.. :)
I'm sick !! I'm needy !! I want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* Where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* I want my slave !! I want him now !!
Sorry, I'll call later
Thr r no hard and fast rules for dat. And besides u wl hv anothr chance to pas da paprs in pre bord exam .. Last year da failures of sendup were givn a chance in pre bord. .aftr dat dey were transfrd to pesh.bd
Gudnite
Haha why nobody ah
I just got your sms! Haha ps very weird to talk in front of Chester,you sound very sick leh, sorry! Sure still wanna go out?
LOL WHAT IS THAT HAHAHA AND I'M LATE ~
Approximately about  <#>  bah.
t go... Would love to be there though...
Ohh like that ah. Then nvm lor,you take a good rest then.
Hmm,if too late èn nvm lo. Nex2 Wk c how. n.n
Yea no problem
Nw in rlwy statn...
Nope. Just clearing my emails...
Omg I think I saw your cousin on the bus
Aiyo ..
I see. Hahaha sure no problem. Thanks alot.
Lol wah I sense racism.
oo.. that's gd. kk  u informing the rest?
Why you asked so dear
We come back morning. Den spend nite at west coast park
Compo c+
Happiness is Like a Butterfly
K will do, addie & I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home
Okay!  =)
Ohh. Then when are you going back?
Hey pink... Xin cant make it 4 facial... But u comin rite... My sis  will b goin oso...
Lol I mean borrow from her first.
Gosh are you online now?
Okie la...Im totally dressed down can. Haha...Will feel inferior one. Nv bring blotter or lip gross. Was in a rush man...Haha.
K
Orh! Just noe my papa also miss u hee
Wat match? Bball? U still play it ah? Representing?
Coming
Hey my Rava got poochi.  You know anyone else who has?
Hahaha what the! But its near ~ so did you go? Yeah I thoughteveryone pays??? Haha I dunno leh, got ppl dl random games on myphone!
Hahaha.eh really all the girls get a and A- for it.I think its bias.Percy got A- too.I think he got girly name tats y.hahaha.
what you doing now ?
Er we walking around lol. Call us when you arrive bah.
Okay on. Meet you all tmr.
Yea elearning can go. Do we have to meet up with chiam?
hey ppl interested in e exhib at spore expo?
Lol reports and projects niaaaa hahahaha. I need a photo of you withgraduation gown.
Hey... Ü receive my msg?
Anything happening?
Yea shld b quite fun ba
emt kar raha ho
They've just arrived.  Thanks for the quick action.
I think i can think of a location when near the day bah. Will updateu all if going. Haha.S'pore is really a food heaven, definitely havemany choices. Yaloh. Enjoy first before another rd of battle starts.Haha. U started studying for exam?
Eh..sry think I cannot.. u just submit the thing first ba ..
<DECIMAL> %
Hahaha ooo!!!! Why dun I have!!! I also want:DDD
Hey Dude! have you Started Work
Lol ooo do you have the two latest jyj songs?? LOL wow XD expensive leh!!
I noe. But u training? I jus trained lols
Hi dear. Guess you must be happy with your progress.. Quite free for now.  Wendy on mc today so will be busy with interface later...
Hey, i'll get back to u asap. Haven't start working on it. Haha.
Rol cal
Hai
m going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
Hi li mei, good mornin.. at what time r u comin to uni?
Love u dear! I'll open my eyes big big.  Really enjoyed myself today. Hee.
Phone adukku monee dinesha oru just turn back.
Hahaha oh well actually got 2 extra tickets de lol
Okay.
K la...see how...
Haha, received already, trying to understand....
Add
Dont attend any calls from  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#>  these numbers come in red colors. U may get brain hamrage due to high frequency.  <#>  persons died just recieving the call. Watch dd news to confirm. Please inform all your friends and relatives soon - its urgent.
Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
Nv go out on a sat nite meh?
yep
Shiju hw r u dear?
Thks
Haha yeah super cool! Really really??? :D I'll help take care of ittoo! I dun really know how to handle dogs though, if possible need aguai1 dog haha! I think get from spca bah! They very poor thing inthere de!):
Haha orh! ><! Haha no we don't have the number._. Hahaha no money!!Hahaha going out decoders cafe rmb! Are you going chalet soon?
Yo! Going to turn of my phone liao, bye bye! See you next week:Ddon't need reply! (:
Hey! Don't go back to sleep kay!
Done you are?
Yep no prob come take
Huh... Cant, oh die liao... Thgt can... Haiz, resign to my fate.
Can la jus do lighter
s  life... Which course u got into?
Wat u doing?
Can you guys get us?
I am here already.
heee. walking baxk nw.. can help me see wad happen in long juan feng?if u all watching show then nvm..
Hope u r bak frm baba. Rums in  <#>  chappel lane, n dehiwela junction.
see you bye
Lol its holiday! 2moro night going to celebrate cousin bday tillmidnight. Probably not studying
Hi Jeff care to intro
My dear, see if i can study in school... Because i m quite sleepy... I wanna wait for u ga
Haha jyjy:D
Oo.. u got contact him at all?
After lecture then I go print
Ur aal's name s "trouser"!
i'm in mac, near right side
Good morning sweety my bundle of joy he!
Haha I don't know, just now fell asleep in chinese also liddat! Hahabut must have fun with friends also ma:D haha okay but I think i'mgoing to like potato in hostel all day long! Haha ahh noooooo kiddingde :P haha faint do you like have a poster of him you hug every nightor something!
How I change my ans
Gt ke bagal wala mall
Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
MAMBA is fast. Deadly. Accurate. Before u know wat has hit you, yourdown. Tts pretty mch it
Yeah =o
Haiz... So sad, got no sneaks 4 wu jian dao yet... Hey, my sis said chomp chomp closed 4 renovation leh. Die, dinner muz choose other place liao...
Poke poke!
Great see you!
Ah then wait for my mum to come back bah.
Ya. Haha i got consulting lec at  <#> pm but wanna eat earlier. Icall u when i reach sch? Shun bian i wanna go buy the bash tix. Haha.
Hmm.....seems lk ur playin hard 2 gt type....hehe..:p
Wow oh right campaign starts today!
Lol people live opposite only leh...
Oh nice I tink Lewis will confirm the date and time
K
If I was I wasn't paying attention
Oh k
Ok... Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
Nope sorry): I watched alr though!:P it's really good! Btw, what timedoes pool slot start on tues? Is it  <#> ? Need to apply late return?
Haha ooo I just got both your smses! Just finished bathing! :D
Hey in case i forget... All the best for your driving tmr... Try and relax. Dont bother abt the tester... And maybe you will get my tester!
If I don't get my cards before I leave I can't even fucking check my bags
go for tech
s bd party?
She sit alone in material lecture, left there shld be hers la. Polky dots 1.
Reached :)
Haha ask her to run there...Haha i tink by é time i get there no seats also...Haha i try ...
Lmao I just gymed on sat! 2moro den gym u wan?
<#> ????? PLEASE AND THANKS!!!
Yeah, admittedly that was weird... but that could be just as muchpart of him being 'conservative'. Religious people aren't known forbeing against immigrant rights as far as I've seen lol
Ah? Change clothes ah? Hee.
Haha that's nice.. my sis sound asleep. Even earthquakes can't wake her up
We leaving sch latest  <#> h, so play safe try be ready by 7. I'll update in the morning
Handed in!
I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
Toi thakute moi belegok kelei sam;-)
s gonna be late.for abt half hour.paisei.overzzz.
Woot.Swee.hahaha.so appealing still or already cuied?
juz curious... to see what u define as too much
Haha I dont know eh. If weather bad then say XD
And hopefully they won't push it back, unlike twilight princess
Ok dear, dun sleep too late:-)  I go disturb other people first.Hee.sayang ur tired body
jia you oh!xiao gong zhu
Serious?!? Haha... Hey so cool!
I see that you are going hostage! Punch hang!
Girl: how much do you love me ?Boy: mera dil mobile hai or tum uski sim.Girl: god me kitni lucky huboy: thank god usse nahi pata ki mobile dual sim ka hai.
I haf yet to ask her.. Msg her now.. Cya!
How come u got nothing to do?
S....s...india going to draw the series after many years in south african soil..
What happened?
Of course I wait for you. but if you too tire let me know ok? 2morrow on training.
YES PIG!!!!!! LOL YOU LAUGH DAMN LOUD.I DUNNO ASK HIM!!
m at e quiet corner k..
Because the only viable takeaway is some worksheet after sitting through 3 hours beside somone slighly irritating (which i think others would run out and scream after 5 minutes so yeah)
Okay emo
Im sorry im not interested in animals.
but i muz leave at 630
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
a
Machan can you bring your hard also? Portable one?
Hi, is lyvia here?
I agree. It's also patronizing. "I know no one can see you're blackon this scholarship app so it's not an issue, but, well, you're black.You obvs  need help."
i told uncle liao, and i takin note of it.. btw are u bringing back frontpage 2003 cd tmr?
Lol i mean wah, 又是我做坏人.
<#>  lol i just finished heading over now
Hahaha is it the music department one? Ask them move the hostel onethere on Monday if its better lah!(: sleeping!
ARE YOU FINISHED YOUR LUNCH?
Nid $$ le. And fixed timing too. U wan go communuty centre learn ar
It took Mr owl 3 licks
Because friday jeff cannot come out eh.
Yaofeng, me and u doing proposal presentation for consulting. Haha.
End le...I ask daddy fetch me to lot one then I take bus. Hehe
What time you coming back?
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  <#>  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
Don't get the wrong idea. Haha. Serious, go back and rest. Video canbe considered done le. Now left only the group photo which we can takeany time. Report wise, we'll vett thru.
I NEVER LIE!
and if there is any vacancy they will let us know.
I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
d print 4 myself,juz wana ask u e noter u had yday  were hw many slides per page?
teri bund main baal hain?
Lunch time bhayataku vachi cal cheye nen ekade untanu bye
s still in sg wor hehehe
Woooot.eh later I cannot go.fever.lol.=(
Oh wells! Newton!
hee. rem to drink lots of water. u making me hungry.
3) appointm-5-10. but Agent successfully went appointment-get abt 50for commission- duno if tat ubi one got anot. tis one,at least2hrs per day.betw7pm-10
Lols I tink I cmi la. Nxt time wan after cca we go do upper body conditioning.
Nice!
Hey lyn wanna play mahjong around  <#> plus but got to leave ataround  <#> am. How ar? Cancel??
Cool, be there in 5
Hey... we can buy the 42 one lar... Since we are sharing? But corinna can carry a not?
Ok baby jst remind me off  <#> th again ok
Haha I see first2 qn like quite ok... I tink I tml then do I todaygot marketing.... anyway I shld be sending soon the swen... I doingtest note very ma fan the commuter class no constructer -.-
ZOMG RAVING NANA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
m nt havin dinner w ur today ah... Eatin w wawa they all...
Lols she aggro ar
So wat u did today? Stdied anythn or just fuck tym lyk me?
Where are you? Where to eat?
U can brin him to e paya lebar one, near e mrt, we always pass by one rem tt old clinic...
<#>
Macs again n always eat without me one... U so horrible... N u dun miss me one... So terrible...
K
Pending documents for account opening    1, Nandakumar address proof 2, company CST copy 3, IEC copy 4, OCL letter 5, applialtion form with photo.                     Reg. Senthil.HSBC
Kiiiiiiss my bz gorgeous gir
Oh im finishing soon le lol.
Jesus it's light so late here
Hey hi heard u in nus sci.I oso.How haf u been? Im working nw.U going sci camp?
Forget to ask u just now...Do u wanna join us for meditation tomorrow?
Think uni course results out liao... Have you checked?
I believe you.
Hdmi worse than vga for me leh...why ar?...when watching video thereis like a layer of noise infront of the video...so funny....
I tot we got Bukit timah?
WhatevsWatch GoT!
I had printed APPENDIX liao, the rest u print ok? My WINWORD really.. btw, KOOLWANT EMAIL NOT UNDERLINED?
Haha I had breakfast there:D now just reached home!
Mrs ho, Ms Toh wants you to call her at  <#>  regarding about theNational Tshirt Designing Campaign.
Ya i hav got one downloading
Okie... Meet at 12 at city hall mrt station control, k? Cya... ?
Lift lobby
Almost
Lol heavy leh dey
Yuppppppp
Woah that's so awesome! I forgot :) tell Ruby I say hi!
Ya la... Of cos go back w u...
Nope... I have no idea how to make it...Muz b wana cook 4 ur bf rite...
?
Ok can.
They cancelled leh.ay next tues ü wana go see e human body exhibit?
Shope lo unara
Haha ooo! I left my grandma with Chester and went b2 to explore withmy parents haha!
Are you angry with me. What happen dear
K
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL> . . .  From Bala Hsbc bank
Switzerland what is the budget...?
Y l
we r at traders hotel.. room 1026.. jus come along anytime eh
Tell me ya
Well she's in for a big surprise!
Haha chibi fell asleep! Waking up soon for db?
Dammmmm activated
From the bottom of my heart i wish u a Merry Christmas
Lols only milk? No Korean strawberries?
Indometacin.
Eh I heard mpe starts today.lol.
Oh okay!
Oh old great thanks!  This is Nishanth
<DECIMAL>  pm de?
Yup. U shd have heard the opening speech. Lol like charismatic liddat
I getting raped
Boss cal u bak soon..
Mr Doni,i need transport my goods to pandaan today can you pick it?
Hey till what time you guys practicing? Is there anyone who lives inPGP in your group?
What r u doing?can u atleast try having only vegetarian.we need to visit shabarimala before thursday.there is a reason to it.coincidence.we will go by bus and come back as well in one day.
highest kitne hain
Go for it
How going
Miss u!
Nice work. Ur bro is seriously thick in his head.
I should be able to.
Ok.
Activities for now.
Hey! Wanna watch lords of the ring?
LOL. she asked me if can get invited to prom, I bet she wantedbingjie to ask her to go hahaha!! Haha I dun care about the restreally, I just want us to last through your ns! (:
Hi what happened to jobcast. Our Sunday promise hasn't been delivered
Hullo Hullo! How art thou?
Lol.... eh I just joking wif u only leh dun need come over now one lol
Result came. 鈥┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾???? 鈥┾??┾??┾??┾????th result came visit. Http://www. <#> thstandard.com/result
Am in travel.
Hey I may fall asleep, can you call at  <#>  your time if you're up?
Hmm . . . V.strange! I nly noticd that bolt tattoo on her n nthn elz . . . Dat bolt has even an eye in it. Wch makes it luk lyk a pyramid wid eye
Never leh...maybe that watch really very nice bah.. hmm. She boughtfor bhui only or both?
LOLLLL fineee haha then explain the girls!!!
Got help me take change
Oh yes. I'm eating now :)
Haha he didn't get a chance to! Hahaha sorry I just went to bathe anddrink soup! Haha how much did you shout today? It sounded alright!hahaha how were you going to protect!
Do u wan me to wait for u?
Hi Andreu,can u get a paper copy or shal v fax?
Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
haha. no la.. want to see wat u wan say. they off already?
long time never hear from you what happen ?
Lol but im sleeping already. Haha waking up at 6m later
Oh ya oh ya!! Can can. Must bring camera to take picture also.
Food
Wanna build muscle?
U male or female
We might not b going 2 sch cos our server down, i msg u again.
Hello! Thank you. :) so. When do you want to leave tomorrow?
yo. we meeting at com2 is it?
Sorry i used your profile to see your photos
Wil come in ten mins
Hehe, where are you?
How do u come across them?
O no need... No need... If not convenient nvm, nxt time still got chance...
Tonights da nit. .and its goin to hapen again and again !has to happen
We are done.. we hang around here.. lemme know when you reach
Now at downtown on my way home now
The application syncprice otp (process com.syncprixe.otp) has stoppedunexpectedly. Please try again.
Ttyl
<#> ,  <#>
Call:ChrisMomNanaDad
ll sure b late lor... Sakae rite...
Oh... Ok.. Nm la..
ll be v pissed if he harasses ü ! Ü
Yeah! Just dealing with all the school work
Hi Ing Cheong, any news?
Hahah nope ah thought today is a good day for koi hahaha
V gd, say me ba gua, i wash my hands off u all business.. But 1 last comment, mt faber, then last nite v romantic lor got anything happen hahaha...
No
Tum naha lo. Brkfst kr rhe hai. Thodi der me niklenge.
Lol nv go.hahaha.
Yay guai!!!!!!! Give you a kiss later^^ morning ~~
Tts rite
heee. dear wake up alr ah? i met up with her le. now at orchard. shewan go british council to sign up for IELTS preparatory  course..
Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
Hey u now free??
Ok. No problem then. Then please process the application as-is.Thanks again, and hoping to hear from you soon next week.  Also wouldyou let us know in advance which law firm ANZ would have us use?
eh.he coming my hse, then later meeting some other friends for dinner.
Shows around 4 are unstoppable and tourist
Strange cannot.find ur name when I type it lol
Hahaha. Aunty u Funny ah.. I at home now.. thinking of u hugging thefridge. No la.. watching TV. U?
Sj jus ask why I bully him
Mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
ok....take care.umma to you too...
Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
s hall dance production bash on 18 oct, embassy?$15 includes 1 free drink, 1 for 1 frm 12 to 1am. Tequila shots at $5 each.
we love watching educational programs.
Post!
Yea np! Can see pics wad and can document its growing process. Bestif can find a glass shell
Hee. Laogong had such a wondeful time with my wonderful bblp also. Kisssssss u
INTRO FRND
Branch code is  <#>
MANY MANY MANY PEOPLE
Haha idm!!! What the how did the man get referred to as a female!!Nocturne eryi ah ~ haha why last time! You have to play it seriouslyfor me next time I dun care:D haha is it^^ I like leaning on yourshoulder to sleep too:P
Lol i ate alr but if you want to get then just the sausage mcmuffin meal
Yo you know near cine where got singapore pools?
Come lah... Ü wanna see ü leh ü
email me at cbhpc@hotmail.com
Eat le then come back.. Mummy got a lot of work to catch up on..
K, lemme know when
Haha when's your exam?
haha.. try some more
Hey sorry am going out for dinner.. will you be around tomorrow?
Just met a guy that has a brand new  <#> g wifi 3g ipad for  <#> . I think its a good deal in terms of price and tax. Should i approach.
Gd mrng
Gym then eat ba.
Ya going sentosa wat
Jeff cant. Kenny says after  <#> .
Jk la she excused u. Hahaha!
Eh. Today I pangseh u.. not going leh
Okay sure.
We r at level one...
I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
Outside LT <#> ?
i went yesterday leh... No money liao... Ü going?
Eh havent check leh.
Haha alright :-D
Somethingwrong
By the looks of it, I don't think so.. Lol..
Hey all, is it fine if i make a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm and wemeet ard 6pm at little india mrt station?
Play with truman lorrr. Or find some other game.
Yup sure. I also know that nus always delay payment.
Goodevening folk ...wuts popping at ur side ?
No ah. OK leh. Now hard ah?
Haha really! Hmm what neoprints? I don't have the ones I took with Mako!
Nope came back from lunch liao.. Anything lor. Wat time can they make it?
Haha. No one pick up the phone when i called to make reservation butno worries, we'll still meet at 6pm and walk over. Warn u all firsthor, the place no air con de. Haha.
U online n watch tv? If u all chatting i will come up lor if not then i dont go up. Else i b jus staring at e chat window....
On the road yet?
If I must
Hahas k thks! I jus abit Sianz at failing too mch tings
Hey nw sastra super singer is goin in vkj audi..d..n group music starts frm  <DECIMAL>  d.i saw a team practising happy days songs.i was awesome dnt miss it gals
Lecture ended early today, I'm otw to sci le..
Then the quality ok sibo.lol sia the simi company logo oso wan kope.
me in class now. wats up ? cannot talk. call u when i finish
Bike go 2nd link to malaysia need the malaysia flash card?...
By not saying "wahhhh ok ok ok ok u win k. Everything u say iscorrect. Let u win -.- " and read words carefully.
Hi Reuben, Nishanth here. What time would you be coming down? Wouldlike to sleep soon.. long day :-)
nope.. not with me. I ll let him know..
I nvr train for 2 weeks! Everyday ARP frm 9 to 5 ==
Hahaha yea dun need eat lunch! Haha ahhh but x.x hahaha fine fine!!!Ooo haha yea I move around a lot at night! So my blanket, bolster andpillow ends up on the floor sometimes HAHA. ehh I dunno, just say I'mgoing out? My dad's just gonna ask me send email for him anyway!
Room me.
Oh... K la... See u later...
Haha I didn't say I didn't think you feel this way too! Yeah!Whee!!!! Haha yeap i'm studying in my room, blasting symphony  <#>coz i'm alone HAHA. I hope I can get A really!! >< ooo did he take?
xy:Yup i told her i not sure if i working or not. Then u all go ahead n plan without me lor...
Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  <DECIMAL> . <#>  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
Reached chennai...
Thnx oe.. Tu cha gya man
Hello.... How are you? Enjoying your saturday?
At home watching tv lor.
Huan ying and I got wed morning slot. How about u?
bhai tera nmbr nahi lag rha hai. kaha hai?
Haha maybe! But yours is first class right! Haha yay chinese ended,today's chinese was random haha!
OK sure.. 9 pm then. See you!
Kk then 6pm at my house! Haha. See ya.
Ok sure. Hahahahaha. Conspiracy!! Lol
Oh is it, got a few friends there. I repair tanks, heh, but my army life quite slack lah. I play alot of sports. So far i took part in soccer, basketball,tennis
Can also but lunch will only b ready at 1 smth 2... U hungry?
Safar Dosti Ka Chalta Rahe,Suraj Chahe Har Sham Dhalta Rahe,Kabhi Na Dhalegi Aapni Dosti Ki Shaam,Chahe Aasman Harpal Rang Badalta Rahe.
LOL I DON'T KNOW I DON'T HAVE SCH U CAN WE WEAR LIKE UHH T SHIRT AND JEANS?
This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
Inside the bookshop!
LOL really?
Wait
Hi Ricky, around  <#>  pm ok? We have a few points to clarify withyou and the pricing.  Thanks!
K...k....
Yup! Much better
Happy birth day to you my dear brother,happy birth day to you.Many returns of this day in your life.
Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
Rough and u.thatz all.
Hi Ansy, I have checked with yimin. Seems that she is still waitingfor some pictures from you. I'll send u an email soon with thedetails.
Ohhh okay good lor.
Now i am cleaning up my room, so messy.. I see already i sian.. U sleep early k. Miss u...
Haven't reach yet lols
7pm. Btw the keys is now with who eh?
Has she moved out
I saw li nanxing... At da an pang yong tau foo there...
Haha I don't rmb! Is it bugis?? Haha its not thoroughly frozen! soeat abit first:P
Batok
Cal me wen u gt enof tim.... No blns in ma acount...
Go sleep! Cya 2moro
Oh. I'm sorry :( I'm in the practice room
wah !! who is she ?
Lols but I dunno bout aerody! Plus it really matters meh? Oo
Reached. Where u
Nope, not yet.
GELEK!!! arghh!!! I trusted u!! So i din ask my fren to back up! Haiz fated lah...nvm lah...settle with u when i get back ah! Haha cya! =P
Thanks (:
Midnight at the earliest
Bhai paise de sakta he?.. Bnk me jama karana he
reached at Mumbai airport , call you later in evening
What madam? Shalika ne? She s not a madam. Do not worry abt what those ppl say. GOD Bless...
Nope, cockpit.
np haha
m nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
Yup indeed I am, what's up?
chelsea will win... give ball lah
so be happy while you are sad
t know she changed. I only got her old number, sorry... As in the one she gave me in nyjc...
Laptop mil gaya
Where are you?
I still at redhill... 2day left very early the train still so slow lols
Oops i'm already at sim lim tower lol
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Ah can you pass me the money tmr?
Have to lah. Becoz i've concession.
Wa, today no nd work how come u wake up so early... Nope din meet jos, i went to meet family lor...
When will you know the results?
Lols imma eating now. Mayb later
That's significant but dont worry.
? A group of platoon 5 pple then we go not extra meh.lol.
Tell me when she reaches.
Hey xin... u wan to go 4 revision b4 e test...
U all eat le ma?
Come to me AFTER NOON
Its ok..aunty
In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
Yeah I am in hostel. But I am going home tmr too. Ohh decide tmr ah. So what time do I have to wake up?
Free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
Oops sorry for late reply. Was in chem lab. You meant you didn't go lect?
Wheres my droid
Hey nxt Mon when celebration end
No other Valentines huh? The proof is on your fb page. Ugh I'm so glad I really DIDN'T watch your rupaul show you TOOL!
Any course today?
All mornings? U not night person huh. Wed shld be fine. Anypossibility earlier time like 8am? But if u wanna slp ok lar, I feelbad imposing on u like that.
LOL boarding assembly? How was it!
I will guide you!!!
Tell u when got chance. Haha.
Aft ü send then juz click save message... Like dat got more wat i thk ü can supply ard 700 a mth...
Are you almost here?
Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
He just jio-ed me!! Not my fault!! ><
U mean yest? Lols soh SIS and I bullied loo
Ü dun wan to watch infernal affair?
Woot.feel like getting the Sony dslr leh.the a <#> .is it recommended?or shd go with the standard canon or nikon?
Of cos goin home la... If i go u oso must wait 4 me wat...
Dear, light the mosquito coil and leave it burining overnite in the living room.
Haha B4 is damn low le:/ I was actually aiming B3 haha. Actl you knowwhat i'm not very sure what I got hehe. Oh okay! Haha dun need lahhaha just dun want to see chinese hw anymore! Haha you want then tellah suibian! Haha (:
Can you call me
chapter 4 ki derivation 2nd order wali kis page per ha
Hahah yup im going slow when reaching humps hahaha
no lei...lviii maybe means 28? aiya...i need to find out else dunno how to borrow that jornal
Haha people tired leh. Yesterday so stressful.
Yes. I think so.
For wat sry
Tml i got rehearsal for my eg presentation...
Cityhall le
Haha cool!! HOW DO YOU GET A GLASS CAN O.O
Just that I'm alright. We can chat later, get some rest
Den?!?
My paper ends at  <#> am! What time yours end?
Haha. Very obvious is find grp lah. Okay then it's okay. Thanks!
I'm at level 2. Which part are you at?
Hey we r now deciding topic n schedule for game innovation presentation. Any input?
burn to vcd is good.  i shall watch the match while u watch the merseyside derby.
Hmm. Then your friend's birthday how le?
Yah... Going for e tut at 9... Den afternoon stay in school...
Ooo okay! But I thought we did in the lit review liao? Or the details is it?
Hey sorry man, I am getting delayed.  Don't wait for me.. I ll seeyou directly at wcp
Gud
Wen z ur exam?cn i hv 1 o 2 days frm u aftr exams?
Eh wan swim at clementi later? At bout 5?
Wait what?
r meetin today k.when i end i msg ü k.
I got bored off one of my foreplay characters and had <Name>'scharacter kill her .-.
Lols kk
Haha yeah here raining too! we got caught in the rain, now in scape!Someone cosplaying hatsune miku! Friday!? No la, Wednesday! Hahaha Iwish I'm kanemochi!! Haha good boy:P I'm still not feeling too good!Actl I want to go home study haha):
U tell him? I no have his number le
Play ends at  <#> h
Via usb
Will be there in 7 mins.
hi. can u make it 10am mac east coast on thur and then we meet sl and ee at 1pm bugis after cycle..
Haha dont worry I thibk I will filter out alot more.
OK cool.
Sure. So do I still come on sat night?
I washing mine lols
Nope i think we didnt call him. actually i dont feel like coming. Shuhui no car also. U think ron b angry if we postpone.
what's your email id?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
let me see
Hey we later go driving centre?
Baobei  加油！ heeheehe.
ok. enjoy ur shopping ^O^
Waha mat jana sign karne
I will not be available next week sorry
U prefer other days or u wan mon n thu so u can come directly. Or u got free days? U choose lah, cos u e only one studying.
U mean u still wanna find another job?? wow, ok.. Hey, one day we must eat lunch tgt ok??
Please hurry.I am only here up to  <TIME>  p.m.
Yup. More like the focuser will extend out.
send beck my money at my home.
So u going oversea ar..To where..Then i exchange with ur dog la..Haha
K set. Feeling feverish though
Haha ooo icic!! So reaching le? I go down now?
I feels lik heaven....
Tanah merah le
K
I see. I shld be able to go. Need pay extra?
3 Sisters marry & go for honeymoon. Mom ask them to send feedback sms. 1st daughter sms: 'NESCAFE'.. Mom checks out Nescafe ad. It read: 'GOOD TO THE LAST DROP.' Mom smiles. 2nd daughter sms: 'BENSON & HEDGES'.. Mom checks out. Its ad read: 'KING SIZE, EXTRA LONG.' Mom smiles again. 3rd daughter sms: 'BRITISH AIRWAYS'.. Mom checks out British Airways ad. It read: "3 TIMES DAILY, 7 DAYS A WEEK, BOTH WAYS." Mom FAINTs...:)
Yea no prob big guyz
Lol okay
Bro atleast let me kn0w tht is it p0sibl to buy th0se pr0dcts
No more kanji here
Hola. How are you?
Woohoo smartass! Congrats your gf is officially smarter than you!
bergkamp <#> !
Headed that way from campus now
Haha how much is it ah? I've always wanted to go too. But tooo ex lol
Heehee. I haven type finish..Now u can smile in ur slp already. Btw,thanks for the buns. Nice to eat. Hee
Yyyes I think
Did we go ssef?
Ya... Go gym oso can lor... But u dun wan nvm lor...
Aiyo sayang my girl. Go home safe
Hey can't join you tonight da. Going back to sheares.. Have a good meeting!
die in hell
Haha soon soon... just now abit of game to destress... Woot lol... hego promote his new album arh lol... eating sob sob sob fat le
I like playing with candles BTW! Hehehe
Hmm don't have leh. K I currently at Macs now
ll thk thk first...
Unka abi lunch chal raha he bhai 2 bje ke bd ek br ph0n try karna
Where you?
Nai, pek raha hai.
Yeah I saw.. Alright,  but I won't be home til late and I still don't want to
Gonna watch vampire diaries I guess. No one's doing anything else more interesting.
When nails r growing we cut our nails, not fingers... Similarly, When ego is rising we should cut our EGO not relations.... :-)!
Then wanna go NUH?
WOW
Cut hair depends on wat i wan 2 cut if i jus trim or wan rebond then i go my aunt there else if cut short must find gd one. I wan take photo 2 do my licence.
Hey you must bring the flowers around ah... See you on sat and enjoy your day!
I can send mine 2 u, then u jus change lor but think u got 2 do it b4 office hour end.
I am Ellen 18 chinese from KL.U?
Ok then. Cya!
Hahaha.he ya ya think he onli got 2 papers sibooo.u can go ask him abt Raffles he noe him very well.lol.
Haha yeap!!!! Very pretty!! (: haha yeap her! She's council teacher!(: ooo hope you reach home really really soon! I'm just about to eathaha >< ooo what song?
Haha okie.... I meet u at ocbc center there?
Hai buddy. .I'm officially invitng you 2 attend my B'day party. Be there in Hotel Ambrosia at  <#>  noon dis coning Sunday!
I'm stuck at boarding zzz
Don't be offended! It was nice uh... meeting you haha
Girls toilet
m goin to bid now liao... U bid 4 some of ur modules oredi?
Had a corn.  Are you going for your 2nd round of lunch? If so, can i join? Haha.
ok.. i'll check with him.
See? I thought it all through
Eh I not sure. but we r not planning for dinner together?
Hi anna.. Gud mrng..Hope u reachd hme safly... Take rest nd stdy... Hav a 'butipul' day :-)
Sorry, I am in a meeting. Pls send me a text message if it is urgent. Or else I will call back. Wasantha D
m not gd, jus 2 xian 2 do work liao.. Ok lah u go eat w ur parent lor.. too tired to go to down...
Sorry, I was passed out in the ling lounge... when are you free?Also, are you going to OH today?
Good morning! Where are you le?
Just let me know when you get here yo!
Donate halfway feel very faint ): hahaha go donate!!!
Anand- <#> ,Muralee- <#> ,Senthil- <#> ,Elaa- <#> .Total: <#> ,We need to give it to ram and nirmal.(Ram- <#> ,Nirmal- <#> ,Total: <#> ). Total expens for Kodai-Rs. <#> .
That sucks. Have u started looking for an apt?
Okay.
See first lah, cos must depend wat time we watching e movie.
Haha okay ps!! He says one stop away!
Love u da
Ok! Nw lg wsiting for bus
I can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. I can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. So i calls you later.
Kk wait for u at stairs entrance
Then meet up when
Bout 5 at nus. Can try earlier. U le?
Took dress ah?
Woo im waiting for  <#>  le.
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
DOCTOR:Namma hospital advertisemeNt ge onDdu olle puNching dialog heli NURSE:karkoNd baNNi. HothkoNdu hogi. Hana namge hena nimge .gud nyt swt dreams:-)
s a naughty boy...
Hey sure.. lets catch up in biz canteen sometime.. Tuesdays andWednesdays are generally good for me
Potato curry is good.good day.
Hey guys,huishan here. i am not going to class later, not feeling well. Please update me if we need to do anything as team.
Not sure. Might not have,but you can ask LCS.
Hahaha yeah! Felt so awesome after this paper haha. Thanks alot!
Game of thrones!
Daddy tonight  <DECIMAL>  meet the person k?
:) how many sets of formal wear you got already? I at home now le.Which day you coming over?
Hey I go with HongLing to fabian's house first.
Nope. I pick u from ya place at 1150
Where is that?
Huh then why did you say that!? I'm confused!
Dude I know he probably thinks it's a bullshit excuse, but that                                   actually is the weekend of my mom's birthday. I would be so fucking                                down to perform at redcat otherwise
But she said she'll send us by tmr.
Enoka
Hi,how are you
Convert ep <#>  to mp4. ,as i hv seen it has audio
Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
Biz lib walk out not sheares hall mehhh.lol.cross road is a netball court?hahaha.
merry christmas
Yea going hm soon. U le?
Practis at 7 pm. Wt hapnd? Evn f ts late as <DECIMAL>  ask them2 come l
Set! Den aft tt go table tennis?
Haha.. Dunno lehs, just feel that it is a bit unnecessary? Lol
K thnx!
Even i didnt lyk dat u didnt wait for my idea n u didnt tel me first
Magnets! I should show you the email she sent me. It makes it soundlike I dun know my mentees at all.
Lol oh no.but I dunno how to export.LOL.but the one we submitted not almost the same as newDump meh.
Teach me, Lord, what you want me to do, and I will obey you faithfully; Teach me to SERVE you with COMPLETE DEVOTION. I will praise you with all my heart, O Lord my GOD : I will proclaim your greatness for ever. Psalms <TIME> , <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters:-)
Ab tu kya ker rah矛?
Thats the site da
place?
Wait forr me horrrr
t wait...
Sent. You print and come to sheares? Or we meet in PGP?
<#>   <#>
Everything is fried la, what quality u want?
U pump already? My bike still can last mon or tue to go pump at night.
Got bread in e toaster...
We inside liao. U takd ur temp already?
s sourcing for its text...
Sweet! At least you have most of the day to yourself now :)
Lolz ic liddat also can haha... go buy Lo
Lol the person wear jeans? No feeling one. Guy or girl?
I want brkfast copy paste copy paste number of times.
Haha psps! My phone annoying sia:/ haha go home sleep more okay! Hahaokay! Who's him? Raghav?
Wait what?
Haha its ok if u can't. I can go front gate
Okay lah. Up to u. Haha.
What the heck! That's strange. I'm headed to the practice rooms
Otherwise..?
Ahhhhhhhhh is your phone not working again): how now purple cow):wake up ryan ~
Awww hahaha alright then. I still need those information. :D
Oh and its under my personal mail,  <EMAIL> . so make sure its not inthe junk.
It says mrt fastest, never show bus route x.x yeaps when are you reaching!
Still can't... BTW we going out tommorw? I nid make plans
Kk u rest first then later see still tired anot then see whether u wanna go?
Shitz they rush back then never buy
Have I sent u v card wad
<#>  at vivo
Yup ü r rite...
Haha yeah it's abit lame haha, the jokes more acquired taste kind Ithink! Yeah I prefer those two too:P omg I just saw the gay couplehaha
Err see 1st la. Kk good nightp
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Are you ready?
Lol then yeah u need to go somewhere else
Will not be so luck one la.There so big..Can la..
Hahaha I don't know the title! Omg damn cute ah the  <#>  yearsanniversary of the couple then the guy cut their lung xray scans inhalf and stitch together hahaha!! Need to do reflections!
OPNET chal gaya tha?
Fuuuuuck
m thinking wat r u doing now. Me now at home watching tv. Think now u shld be in shanghai.. Quickly enjoy ur holiday, u r coming back soon..
Mo
u are e halal food specialist haha
Hi .
Ah Ok..
Jurong? What are you doing in.jurong?
Wah wah not again T.T
Wat r <#>  ?
Ps busy
No b4 Thursday
Lols thks cya tomorrow
Then ur input from wat I see must go thru some logic gate leh or howto generate prime input sia but they say cannot useful logic gate -.-
Ok me sis ela undi
You around andros?
Yo yo yo yo chicky! I'm on break :D
Dinner?
Yup sure! (: meet at  <#> ?
Haha okay XD on the aeroplane le! See you soon:D going to play sudokuon straits times! Bye!
Core 2 duo, asus board, 2gb ddr3 ram,  <#> gb seagate hdd if  <#> gb hdd ready at office then call me
darn.....making things difficult for me....
No lock
Wats de pblm ??
Okay set! Put on Facebook?
LOL WHAT DO YOU THINK!!!!!!
Need how many hours in all
Bah I dont think so.
Ya... Wont forget u... Now have to help xin chop one more seat, i became e choppin gal oredi...
HAVE A NICE SDAY
BUT THE SCH BURN FINISH NEED TAKE TIME BUILD BACK! LOL WHAT THE HAHAHA
2 min me aya
Zindgi to sabi k liye wahi rangeen kitab hai... Fark bas itna hai ki Kisi ne har panne ko dil se padha aur kisi ne bas panne palat liye!:-)
Mrt goes straight to t2 rite
Hey guys meet up tmr same place at 4? I'll submit datzezy tonight
eBay YES
Can call me?
Merry Xmas... ho ho ho
Can you come online?
Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
there are 730pm show and the 9pm show at PS. which one?
Again again!!!!!!
Hi..i got the money da:)
Kaha he
Cl..
Ya sure come up first
OK I will chk it out.. u take Care!
Who u talking about?
Oops darn it actually jonny and pig also haven't reach lols
Haiyo hope you get to go next time then! Hahaha omg i'm a pig I eat and sleep!
Erm... i think then its ok la... i think i go down buy the memory card another day ba... sorry abt that... n thanks so much... treat u for a meal one day...
Interview on 6th.
D: there is a queue to enter main area but what about the main stage? So frigging unclear i'm camping at the end of the queue #AFAX
Haha afternoon?
Yeah! :-)
Hey, can send me your group's ppt? My friend wants it. Haha.
Thanks!
Bus imterchg
System lab
Wru
Ehh! I meant the not three! The normal w hand moving is like sgone,bt nt moving one quite nice! Yeap, going to sleep, goodnight!Sleep soon! :D btw its . <#> /sms
Yup okay can.
Hahahahahahahahaha thank you! It's all just a bump in the road. Thatpicture of you and miles is so cute
Why does it remind you of my ex? A lot alot of them.
U <#> M
Please start if hungry. Only leaving school soon. Trying to finishediting one part.
ok..
kidhar ha...ana ha?
Chibi <3 ryan^^
Hey what's up what are you doing, awake yet? I wanted to know if you want to come over?
Anyway go sch with me tmr morning!! :D I can take  <#>  go meet youthen we take  <#> !
Aww =( I totally understand.. finals are killing me. We need a support group
Haha. I never intended to eat lunch before lecture. Nvm lah.
y?
Ah damn. Can you call?
K 'l msg u later u study
Church's web site not yet connected.- message from Moratuwa university. Site is stlawrencechurch.lk Fr. Bob
Sorry for the ultra late reply. I still not sure whether can come ornot. Anyway where isit? Get well soon!
Hey when is your tutorial?
Ha bhai  <DECIMAL> %..  <#>  marks
What's the ans?
Nom nom nom
no more
Lol oh yeah. We buy a birthday cake.
Thank you thank you.. Me will be listening to the cd today hee hee
I gonna be late, going to wait for the erp to disappear.
Great! Thanks :-)
Can we come over? XP then we can talk about it
Haha English essay I did the question that's like one of yourarticles omg!:P but the compre was like damn killer omg the vocab justdie>< haha omg I see my friends revise eco I dun really feel preparedhaha oops! Oh wells too late hehe
Laogong u bringing charger?
Dont have to feel bad,was just saying. Enjoy your outing.
Hahaha alright!
Hahaha ok.
I'm fine. And u?
It's okay, unless you wanna have a goodnight callish thing
Yay ok!! Rest well my girl. Today was awesome!!
I dun mind swimming. But no trunks
Eatin lunch later not...
Okie...
great
Haha. I guess everyone is on their way leh.
Hey Liang yi, the presentation I only got 2 mins is it? I Thot total  <#> min?
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Lol okay. Then go buy itouch eh since your iphone still got quite a while.
Ok!
If you want.. I'm definitely on my way now... Sorry! ><
The camp commander wan steal my class supplies
Hahaha but that was before  <#> !! I'm hungry!!!!!
Heck yeah for sure!!
Eh sorry just now dat msg meant 4 shuhui.
Gam gone after outstanding innings.
Haha ya lo no individual sink one leh dunno is that considered sink liddat
I was just joking lah. Really paiseh becoz i don't know what ureplied mah. Okay next time need my help. Feel free to ask me loh.Hmm.. So this time round, i think i can't help to submit the ppt leleh. If have to submit, u submit can?
U don't have laptop?
yes, nv spoil. :)
Omg where did you go LOL. bye bye! ;)
Sorry! It's alisa!
Wassup?  :-)
Total pages only  <#> . Exclude cover page include references. Butplus formatting probably add about  <#>  pages more.
He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei. Ü got a lot of work ar?
Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha.
Then u make me search high n low 4 it.
She did a ride along with a cop last night until 2, so she's still                                asleep. Haha and I'm really tired too!
I'm fine now and it's over already. So we should move on.
<#>
Thx!
How abt the wk after the new yr?
Actually restaurant is any business establishment serving food anddrinks. I leave it as restaurants?
Stewart, a few other things. First, can I have the contact details ofthe owner?  I need to arrange a few dates for the renovation teams tocome look at the site to the design proposals.  Second, we haveapplied to the banks and hope to have a decision by Wednesday,  but Imay not be free on Thursday to go to the law offices.  By when do Ineed to tell you the law firm that we'll be using?  Appreciate if youcan call me back to advise.  Thanks!
Oo.. u wan scar ah?
Papa rechrge karwao na
Had my baby to the Dr's this morning he's been stung in his eye :'(
Ask u ar, does  <#>  terminate @ clementi?
U goin home now izit... I juz started...
on the way..
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Lame dog! Excited not 2moro new workout
Ok no prob...
Lol so random we going gv de now lol!
On my way to mediacorp. wake up? Still in dreaming? love you everytimes. have a sweet dream
Haha tonight there's cally amd jeff who can accompany you. :-D
Wat up choco
Haha omg damn weird I only recognise the dog I don't recognise the lady!
Yea enjoy while we can
Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
I tot meet interchange
u watch lotr yet? catch it this sat?
I am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye.
Here no rain le. Bblp u also xiao xin
deals.
Hi Andreu n Baba, wishing u a safe journey. May God bles u
Without verbal jugglary,a simple happy vishu.Rakhesh
My dear,add oil ah... I will have meeting at 330... I think it will a brief one... I miss u very much!
Eh want to go or not?
LOL I shall see:D hahaha friend i'm early to sch!!!!! (: (:
OK see you!
Haha so gian to watch! Haha u can start a few episode at my houselater... haha okie u reaching tell me then I go down fetch u... sojust now wat time they start drilling lol
And Hungry?
Hha I dont know where he is now eh.
Can i delete the pics 4 xf birthday in geocities?
Caaaaauuuse I'm supposed to do homework and I pretended to pack for alittle before resorting back to the internet? =P
s angels.
We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
Hey Eric. Yes working on your ie bugs.. will update you shortly
orh! love u dear.. rem to drink warm water arh.. and fast fast rest
It s for claim send it to  <EMAIL>  and  <EMAIL>
Hi sweetheart, missing ü too. Promise you that'll I'll be fine andtake care of myself.  Love you bunches.  Your kissablehuggy. <3
Mr lee, I m very sleepy today. Can I go for art slightly later at  <#> ?
Okay.
East its gettin late
Dear <name>,I couldn't hope for a better friend/wife in the world and I love youso much. I just want you to know how much you mean to me and how muchyou've helped me over the years. I adore and miss you and just thinkit's important that you know how loved you are ^^
fang so I see u tml  <#>  right?
Haha 难得一次 leh.
Yup confirm tml at  <#> am.
Im in lt already. Come over when you are done. Im still starting at7pm though.
The store. And to fix his ac
Nopez...Nthing  at all =(
Are you still in school
U meeting laura later right? U all just think of a ppt like showingthe diagram with stickman n animation first. For e first part of thepresentation.
Yeah i'll notify at about  <#> h
Call me
Np!
Sorry!!! I was damn tired ytd hehe I was teaching kids origami in themorning._. Yeah I went db! Butt aching like mad now though): is it the6th???
Could you email me with details on what we spoke?
Hmm wat movie is it? U joke sia
Its too late, I just set off from home. I got u the feedback ones though.
Npd.
Well the exams are over and I deserve to enjoy my entertainments!
Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  <#>  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
How old r u
Neh worried for chem.
Bff not my fault rite! ,兔 much
My friend had a server ma... but zone shldnt be hard la
what book we need ?
nw ur peak rite? haha. think of me y nv find me.. i haven grad. endof yr then grad.
Gd nite! Cya tomoro!
Two fundamentals of cool life: "Walk, like you are the KING"...! OR "Walk like you Dont care,whoever is the KING"!... Gud nyt
Yupp.  Hee. Muacks.
i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
life is not a bed of rose
Oh im sorry for disturbing. Thanks for helping.
got problem can helpme?
No rush, going to be late...
You're right I have now that I think about it
Found a new si8 in ICT 4th yr!
take care
Sorry that was my uncle. I.ll keep in touch
Oh no I got flare up at you? >< >< ><
m handin in e forms too...so after our test den we go and meet em lor...
Ah this friday! But I cant book places =(
Gd sia super can choose pick until last group lol.
It's okay. Thanks anyway.
Bout 8 plus to 9 can?
Idk. Indi morning till 2 plus
Juz go google n search 4 qet...
Hapy diwali
Bhai
Dear I am in 1 of the tut rooms. Passport photo taking there
i tink i get her flowers,hee... or smting... i wun stay long lar.
CaN we play springwood?
We have to watch the fma movie
Prank
I am bringing my phone of cus. Having lunch outside first. It's really close to your house I believe. At petir. Unsure if it's gonna be the whole week.
hey that boy is so humiliating.. i just hate him:-@
<DECIMAL>  shuru ho ga dat means
Lol I ate ice cream lo... yup after my lessons go find u lo lol... Idoubt going psychology lol
Haha its alright! Did I tell you I have a lot of photos in my room?Hahaha thanks ~~~! Really couldn't have asked for a better boyfriend!!Hahaha its a good sign!!!! Haha bathe le:P home already?
:-)
U book in is 7th or 9th?
What time?
U log on to msn?
like 16 or not?
Yeah I will sleep soon enough. I can wake up late tmr!
Nopen
HAHAHAHA aiyah oops I should be sleeping by that time lol.
I loooove u my yeiyei!! Muacks!!
Ghar Jane se phle mummy se bt kr lena kuch samaan lena hai.
Yup see you then! Btw I need the forms :-)
Happy birthday and happy new year!
Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
Hahaha whyyyy very funneh mehhhhh
Tell Sunethra its sparkz.. I ll talk to her. Tell fever to Raj sir.
T WORRY.C U L8TR HUN!LOVE Yanny
Yeah its some live steam thing o.o
Sr2 in  <#>  mins
Super fury
Los when coming back. Ur bag is here
Den tmr ur fetchin me 4 lunch huh?
Yea
LOL yeah! Hahaha my primary sch friend haha!
Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
Lol why?! Do your Tioman report!
I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
Okay.
Thanks for replying. Sorry everything is so tough.  Then I willcontinue to work for a while. Love you lots. Give fussypot a big hugfrom me.
I havent add ü yet right..
Can confirm with u later? Cause me and eve suppose to go drivingcentre today. I asking eve to postpone to tmr, waiting for her reply.
Bblp, I so enjoyed mtself today. Loove u so so much
I think I'm pregnant
ll b havin fun...
Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
SMSCASTLE A Man Tries To Keep His Mobile On a Table.. But Where Ever He Keeps It, It Falls.. How.? ? ? ? Bcoz There Is No BALANCE In The Mobile..
Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?
Nope.
Ok... Later c how maybe i fetch ü..
HARLO
Haha dunno leh. I think its the coffeeshop thing! Haha I hope wedon't! Dun anyhow spend, occasionally go out eat nicer food can leright! Haha (: I think ok lah! I'm just looking for music to listento:P haha oh wells! We can go negative y, then time pass faster, am Iright? XD
Gee...So sorry la... My mum oso very sad she missed it... Hmmm... K la, dun thk abt it, enjoy ur trip...
Heehee okay!!! I showed my dad the pink belt he had that "HAHA I'M SOGONNA TEASE YOU" face! Hahahaha then I told him I'm wearing samecolour as you then he was like "omg of all people????" LOL I hope youaren't emo LOL
huh? no uh...im not online.did u add d wrong person?ivle? got a ger in math major oso same surname n name as me.
What r u cooking me for dinner?
Illa... Realy im excited... Dnt u knw hw long i hav beem waitng 4 dis 2 hapn....?
Wa where got see u so happy shld be more.handsome lol... haha din seeu will also kana tempted
Haha ya late.haha.just got on train sia.yday study Ng boon yuen until abit late.
R u male o female
Send again
Trunks and change shld be enough
Lols nice
s 1hr only, arghh... Kaiez, take care, have a great wkend too...
just in time..
Haha no prob man. What are leong siblings for?
Oh :-( OK.. take care!
Haha u can go yu hua guo huo see. Besides the new ntuc. A lot offoodstuff nv seen elsewhere.
Kemp to whom?
I responded in the cinema just not as intensively. I just said the wrong thing.cus I was worked up. I didnt mean it.
Today ot, not so earlier, think u have to settle urself
No, sorry
i am outside now... shopping. later u meet me
What time you thinkin of goin?
Nope
Hey the land training is  <#>  am, so meet  <#>  at kallang mrt can?Dun be too late ah.bring shoes, slippers, change and a big waterbottle. And fees for oct
Wat r u doing? Me at home just had my dinner.
Happy birthday!
I remember alliance francaise. Haha... my teacher wanna organizeanother concert lol
Yup.
Bro gud morning. Hope you are doing great. Please text me your A/c number. ASAP
im still waitin 4 1. Pete
m meeting my fren at 730.
Ya...I admit ìm a bad host. Hàhà...Sorry abt tat. Aft exams meet up ya.
the propolis cream is for sensitive  skin, anti bacteria, lighten scar.  jelly can penetrate into èthird layer of our skin.
Me chinese, can u msg my hp 0168596707 now
Dun cut too short ok.. So did ur sis pass her test?
Haha.. ok. We wait for u to come out first..
Lols! I got my Berton :D gonna run  <#> s. Jkjk
K k:)why?
HEY KATE, HOPE U R OK... WILL GIVE U A BUZ WED LUNCH. GO OUT SOMEWHERE 4 A DRINK IN TOWN.. CUD GO 2 WATERSHD 4 A BIT? PPL FROM WRK WILL B THERE. LOVE PETE.
Then the assignment how
R u with baba? If there , cal 2 this number.
Hi mommy:-) we are on our way back to the house now.
Ü know how to do lab one qn six?
DIFERENCE between Mother & Lover. -when u r fixing a bulb standing on a chair & u can't reach it.then Lover wil say.,.u r too Short & Mom wil say chair is too Short........... thats mom's real love dont lose her in ur life.. Good night..
Is it alright if i pay you back for the movie ticket with my free ticket i had forgotten to bring? Or do you need the cash?
Cuz ibored. And don wanna study
I'll be late need to hand up practical
Yes Rasa, he came n tried a long time n got in.now only i tuk fone frm bag. May be u wud have prayed. Bye. May God bles u.
Merry christmas too!
Kk
Eh joan... I go and get frm u at 3 plus ah... U at home rite...
Bring* oh my..
Oh ok thanks! Coming down soon psps!
Hi Andreu n Baba, Alleuiah! When service over talk.
Later got Ng boon yuen lect there.haha Sian uber late too.
THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
Earth.
Hi lynn care to intro pls...
Ya lo jia you le! Lol so poor thing T.T... nvm tml we go eatsomething good to cheer u up! Nomnomnom!
chou chou!! had a really wonderful day today! n i reached homevle.butu yeiyei! forgot to remind mr to pass u tge money. poke u!
LOL np!
Once tata's  <#>  sitter truck met with an accident against rajnikanth......Frm that day that truck is called as tata nano.Tata's asset should be insured by Rajnikant.
Tell u, shuhui coming later or not coming at all. I scare wait hor only left e 2 of us.
Hey u tot only double bond and ring structure will have geometricisomerism? How come 2,3-chlorobutane has geometric isomerism
Haha is it! I use it occasionally! The wood one! Time is a depressingthought haha! Orh okay! hopefully can convince my parents let me buynew one! My mum told me off for asking if I could get new pens haha._.Haha I dun know, the noisiest place possible is like macs!
Very true. A lot of fears are very healthy though
Post!
Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
Mny hugs and kisses for my wonderful yei yei
have a nice day
K. So I delete mine.
No lah where got so fast lol... I just reach sengkang mrt only lol...won't late lah at most no time buy fries only
I'm in office.
Oh! Oh ya hor lol im sorry.
Helping Yijue...
Yay thks
I dunno i'm just guessing! Haha i'm looking for a nice photo to change to!
Ohh:/ hope it can work later then!! Haha you pig! So all guys reallythink that way? My goodness! Haha I didn't lah! We all sleeping in myroom, so I just slept on the floor lor! Haha coz my mum took it out toshow my bro:P haha my dad's one full of red marks if I remembercorrectly :P haha going to bathe first! Omg can't believe I moved homele!
Lol.. ok.. later I go print..or u want insert cover page first? Iprint  double sided? Or u want single
see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. I was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a MIDNIGHT movie is not gonna get out til after 2. You need to come home. You need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
!'!'"""""""")! !"""(*)""(! !""""""""')! !""""""""'! !! ! "REPUBLIC DAY" ADVANCE WISHES. I AM THE FIRST AND BEST 2 WISH U "Jai Hind"
ll join u and rebecca lor....
I am here le where u?
You can call in ten =o
s no solution ...
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
happy journey
Hi bro, still interested in palit radeon  <#>  for  <#> ? Can dealtmr before 4 and after 8.
Lols! Why u stay siaz
no prob gal
Yeah! Haha damn random, they wanna buy jeans for my bro! Haha whereis that?? My mum occasionally does ah, but cook not as nice as mydad!
good boy! go be piggy, rest ur brain awhile! hee. hugs for u!
Oh ok.lol later ba lazy now.
All seats frm col bukd 4 2day.This msg i got frm badula,as no respons frm col.So cant buk 4 2moro also.long weekends r so.Then travel by some other bus. May God bles u.
Oh.eh mine not bad leh.A leh.hehe.the ssa <#> B+.Exam eat tb until abit tired sia.
Ohh! Haha yeah he is probably talking quite loudly now right haha!
Did u cntct o meet brian?
but dunno how many per grp, how to plan
I tink it comes wif it...Haha
Hey what are you doing. Y no reply pa..
OMG HOW DID YOU GET TIME RECORD!!!!
Yup.
Slap
Ya...
Fair enough lol. I live by myself at a big college, I could dowhatever the fuck I want lol
Meet at __ ?        Wat time __ ?
Nope. 1 more hour of class.. will come only around 6 I think
Science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. Please don't walk under the sunlight. BCoz,I don't want to loss a sweet friend.
???
Hahaha np (: (:
take CS3266 next sem?
Ahem. How's that tonal language thing going again?
Haha dunno... eh I tink next mth the contract up bah... super fulllol order alot! So scary... fat fat le...
You know u love it.
wa. busy until forget abt me. sobz. selection of flat also need docs?
Haha um going drinking with mum eh sorry
Yo you reaching bk soon?
I wanted to one here study but no one! At home read  <#>  plus chapter of dbz
Huh.got stream video eh meh.sounds fun.hahahhaha.I think got API to use de la.
K, bye..
Oh okay thanks!
U gt lesson today?
Chcolate chocolate chocolate! I'm gonna draw you a picture theinstant one comes out nicely!
Tmr v crowded leh, weekday go la...
fine
Ok no problem
Shall call now dear having food
Ok lower level 1.
Oh Okok
Psh I tried. Should I come down now or later?
Mm take rest
Haha when? Aft  <#> st? Idm! (: haha so pro! Why am I awesome hahai'm not! I'm lame!
I got art at 1. Aft running u can come SP wad
See you and jiayou! I managed to catch the bus (:
Hahaha
Haha npnp^^ glad you liked them!!
How about match?
Oh... Okay... Cya there in about 5 mins !
Whoa on phone. You mms-ed me? Yeah six feet under still.
Meet at home first?
really cannot go ? long time never meet u already .... :(
Can pon ar?
But pls dont play in others life.
My frens oso dunno have to sign up one... Den ur senior noe anyone in e orientation...
Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
Yes sure! Will confirm time in a bit
Okay im here at macs cafe. Plenty of seats.
ll confirm w ü again? In e meanwhile ü call ur frens along?
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
Tmr should be ok i guess
Bangkok 9th to  <#> th may, you can right?
Whoa..With friends or fam?
hello
Lta eday buy  <#>
thori deer tak
Petrol-  <#> , food-  <#> , cake-  <#> , tea- <#> , entry fee-  <#> , boat -  <#> , ice-  <#> , garden entry fee-  <#> , tea-  <#> , dinner-  <#> . Room -  <#> , food-  <#> , kodanadu entry.- <#> . Cool drink-  <#> . Total-  <#> .
Poor gal :(
Are you still playing with gautham?
xuan is so petty! i hate him! PUFF!
wfnu9p4q
Home. Going out at  <DECIMAL>
You can use my bike.
Hmm.. I need to ask my father..haha.tell u late k
Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
Ps got jam! Reaching in 2 mins!
kya hoa
Hey! Happy birthday.. sorry couldn't come yesterday.. hope you had fun :-)
Rly I nvr lie den u aggro me. I jus say the 1st thing in my mind! Unvr trusted me
I cant. Nid card....
Work? You got job eh?
Thu meet at cafe cartel plaza sing at 7pm. Any prob?
Yup!
Goes to harbourfront? Then i will get on the bus.
Hahaha about  <DECIMAL> ? Im taking  <#>  now.
Eaten lor.. How come tdy so late?
Hi Abhisek, Dhanya,EB, Shweta - we meet at PGP back gate tomorrowmorning  <#>  sharp. please SMS everyone once you wake up.. if no SMSby  <#> , we ll all spam you with calls ;-) Seeya!
Yup. You buying dinner or cooking?
2 pm we leave lo
Hee k dear love u
Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
Wats der in it..atlast min wat can i do?..so i askd my frnds..
Wth! Tetris where got fun. Eh I go nap ttyl
Ok
Dunno leh lol... stupid lo install loft there dunno for wat -.-...literally nobody take one... then how sia u sure lack of sleep oneT.T... tml I can come my house early to sleep lol
Ok ar. See ya.
Lebewohl
<EMAIL>
Hi ashley, may I ask, will u be needing tuition anytime soon?
We in da fiid court
I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.
Hurry home. Soup is DONE!
Normally train bout 2 times per week so there is adequate rest.Hostel gym shld be good enough. Normally start wif main muscle grpslike chest, back, quadriceps and lats. Then to specific smaller grpslike tricep biceps and calfs
As in can put as x=(x^2+1)/y?
Btw, what kind of help do you need?
Yo tml is okay.  <#>  again?
I cannot go home late lah.Sigh.I want to watch that show too.
Tdy half day, den i check there is nothing much to do tdy, so didnt go down.
Yes Dearest :-*
I think you can come down
你好
Happy Diwali.
Katarni chura pe dahi or chini ki bochar , udi patang or aa gaibochar , mubarek ho apko makarshakaranti ka tuhar . Wish u happy DAHICHURA.
Think after lunch with mum.  Gotta meet Ms Huang right before assembly.
SORRY!!!! I'm reaching je liao:x
Yeah! It's tragic!Also, I think the nam myoho renge kyo thing was in my wallet =( =(=(=(
Ok. Nate had his an hour ago. :-)
Okay.
Good Morning! Had your breakfast?
Yo! Reached Japan safely! 1 sms cost  <#> / <#> ￠, incoming call is $<DECIMAL> / <DECIMAL>  per min! (: I'll try to come online tonight!Haha! (:
ll let me maintain length n jus thin it anot ah? When ur exams starting?
She said you got upset with her, but that was it
nai
>
s cook.
Lol its holiday! 2moro night going to celebrate cousin bday tillmidnight. Probably not studying
chapter 5 kahan tak ha?
Ooo okay!! Do you see them??
My bus came damn late i think it was that  <#>  in front at coro damn kakesai
Hey proper footwear for kayaking means Booties?
Wts. Sick. Tis year trackers own
udhat s square liya ha,velocity to sirf s hota ha
Think till late afternoon. You all reached school liao ah?
Thanks,  will do.:-)
Uncle, happy new year! Im so sorry I was so busy with my work, didnthad time to go down. Thanks alot!
Nikalte hi cl krna.
I mean you considering to come along?
Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Frank
Hahaha alright then!
Haha
Me too
Hoaky text meh
Nth mch lo. Jus drink till tired slp
& i'm certain that God, who began the good work within u, will continue his work until it is finally finished on the day when christ jesus returns. Philippians  <TIME>  have a nice blessed day
I dun tink so...
I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe
s your address?
Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.
Idiot u take nw d
Send me the picture
Means? They restarted?
Thanks and same to you, but this number doesnt have a name. I lost all of my contacts
Hey could you come at  <#> ? Looks like I have a 4pm deadline for something
Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
ITS ARMY MARKET LOL
Yo, I go down soon? (:
NO WAY
Once or twice per week I think. She gets dirty easily cus she likessleeping underneath beds and all that. Oohhh okay I wanna see what's ahandsone terrapin.
2nite can? I wanna nap now lols
the golden village 50 bux promo... i got friend working there
Dles
Studyng
K
Yah.... Maybe because im getting old. Haha. Im hitting 20 veri veri soon...
Aiya. I sprint NT fast enough. The bus just left. Sobz
mobile paper shift ho gaya ha?
<#>  s0ry din me bahar tha
It's times like this when you have to accept being  <#>  forever
Ohhh aww. Guess you really need some of my shows to kill time :))
Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me
Ena da panringa?
ok.. haven eat yet. later then eat. i got meeting later.wei hao'sphone not with him.
Hhahah yeah very little year ones. Chuanwah didnt join beforehand, soI cant let him be.
Andrew ths is jst 2 remind u tht we r hving industry visit presentation 2day @  <#>  - <#> .give de message 2 dinusha as wel
I imagine that partly ruins the point of one night stands
Ü all write or wat..
Thursday 3rd march  <#>   <#> pm to  <#> pm open book txtbook andnotes only mpsh1  <#> mcqs lecture 1 to 6
Holy shit that's scary.. and yeah is come but I'm trying to get mystupid mail-.-
U dun eat so much lah... Haha... Next time i bring u eat red star lah...
Ya wait in break
You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
Uljhi Hui Duniya Ko Pane Ki Zid hai, Jo Na Ho Apna Oose Apnane Ki Zid hai, Is Samundr Me Tufan Bahut Ate He to kya hua, Iske Sahil Pe Ghar Banane Ki Zidd hai..
Thanks for e dinner steph...E food is nice n e co. is great too...As in my side of e table la...Hee...
</3
3 days at nite
Why he cannot bid in rd 2? Then which 2k biz mod u taking to fulfillyour minor ar?
t know yet, see andrew lor.
Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?
t make it on wednesday.
Awesome
Ohh okay!! (: (:
No one might wish us n bring us presents again, but we know that we are still that little kid at heart! :-) Happy Children's Day! :-)
Yeah 3 of us! Hilda tay wanted to go och ._. Now we're cycling on thesame route again... Haha yeah and she borrowed the more expensivebike! Haha yeah and her prepaid not much money left!
Soo
Tues can?
share happy
m starting a yahoo gp 4 e class...can give mi ur email add?
I think got math class 6 to 7 so idk how i'll update later
SLAP haha go get your own sandwiches! Haha ooo icic! My grandma hasno say in those matters in my house haha:/ haha male chauvinist pig:Pdo what stuff:P
Hmmm... Muz glue to e cardboard at e back lor...
Must it be squarish?
Lol OK.. mall's nice :-) I got you a little something as stop gaptill I get the real gift :p
What time you all going down tmr
So u gonna get deus ex?
Hee. Mug mug my lovely yeiyei!! I just leaving hse only.. later meetfor lunch k
Haha. Don't want lah. I scare i'll be damn popular in club. Okay lah.Save your sms for your flings. Don't waste them on me. Haha.
Haha then can't spend with you mah! Hahaha true true, it was veryvery random! Haha I dunno, wake up then like that liao, i'm notthinking of anyth! What's unstable?? Hahaha yes i'm lazy now:D hmm??Help them change back mah XD
Anyway going to sleep too! Goodnight dear ryan^^<3
But i thk shld b enuff lor... Aiyo, haven finish packin, muz pia tonite liao...
You want me to meet you outside instead?
haha! alwaya ignore sms lah!
<#>  ISN'T THAT WEDNESDAY
Oh neo. He saw the msg?
ll bring some snacks perhaps...
Arun can u transfr me d amt
Well... I guess you don't have to be up for garrett
juz board  <#> .
Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
Up to you. It's neither for you anyway.
Cant concentrate dear
Were going to dads this Saturday at 5 for his bday. I'm either taking him chicken or pizza
I'll probably go, yeah.. I mean, you don't really conlang anyway so Ican see why you wouldn't want to (unless you like created Klingon indisguise and now have a vendetta against <name>=P)
S
Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too?
You have orange and hot pink pens?
ll b bathing my dog later.
eating
She go China lol.eh ok.Percy is just anti social.lol.I think u MSN him easier.
Haha yes i'm guai! (: yeap I napped for 5 mins then Karyee call me godown T.T haha dun want la so lame! Its at  <DECIMAL> ! Yeap thefarewell for them mah! who's that?
Must follow the guy!
Haha saw long ago loooo.actually just saw yday.lol.Sian got tb.open bk exam.
Haha wanna call awhile?:P before you sleep!
Hey where are u guys sleeping
Haha so random! no no I wanted to sms you also but you got to mefaster! Haha i'm going to sleep until  <#> ! Go home safe k!
Sth liddat haha! Ooo okay!
Got pass. Just not good.
Ya.
Adhu tarium prepared aha. Mok test.
Hahah that's funny
Weds free watch LADDALAND?
GAN!!!!!!!!!!!!! I FORGOT TONIGHT GOT TRAINING!!!!!!!! I'm outsidenow): ): I dun think I can make it in time SORRY!!!!!!!
:)
Lol fab
Haha orh >< you are such an awesome boyfriend!!:P haha okay yay^^awesome ryan is awesome^^
Hi I can only come at around 8, so I go directly to your house?
Haha... Ok... Hope u can remembe to help me ask... Heehee
That's true haha
Haha why weirdd. Still friends mah. Lol
Haha it's fine! Haha how come so many people? No la haha they justlike to poke fun at me haha coz I very blur, so my class people willrandomly take my bag haha! I'm sitting out! Finished my mathassignment ahead of time, damn happy! Left one part teacher haven'tteach:D haha it's due today ah? Quick do! I'm so bored alone at cphahaha!
Ok well see. Ask how come the Copay is high.
Okay. Thanks. I'll call Jeremiah when i reach GYP on fri.
Hahaha icic! Expensive or expansive??? Confused haha! ooo you can eatwith them you know!! I think I will drop by home and leave my skortsthere! Haha cool, got talk to him??
Actually I woke up le but I decided not to go wait not enuff sleep alot pimple lol... haha up to u~~~ but u so skinny nvm lah lol
i was thinking blonde or brownish lor
Kya ho gaya, kisse bhidi hai?
Wylie here
I cannot save the papers inside the com. Why not tml i give ü my password n ü can print out.
Jus ended
I don't particularly have Passion. Plus not good at anything too. Denjus wanna train and play. End up train halfway always got prob nidstop. Zzz jus nid to pick myself up agn
Ur house got container for microwave? Can bring for us? Haha.
Really?
Ok noted thanks
Think you can check espace. I lost mine.
U Failed the test. Now truly demoted to kernel
Erm... Okay if we reach on time
Yup he posted on his wall haha
That's why I said understand.
Hey junhui, the version u submitted in workbin got team number?
Relationships never die a natural death...!!..They are always murdered by ego or attitude or ignorance.. !!
So where u plannin to go b4 tat?
KBCQ C
Idiot po po pakki
Hai,zepol!hmm..dum bored!haih.:-
I got job:)in Fis :-)technical support associate:)
Hohoho GOOD LUCK!!!
Emo. Left soh how and me
ok then. See ya later.
Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ü mah...
Mmhm =)
Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
Haha okay, I dunno, 5? Then I got time to bathe haha(: Ehh  <#>  gotgive meh! Haha both of mine are green! Yeah omg bleh -sticks outtongue- it was bad!!
m goin to be late
Haha can see one la! And I have to walk past my teacher leh! Lol thenso nice ask you take for them! Haha maybe I will dream if I can sleeppeacefully! Haha i'm fine de and noo haha don't want postpone! I willbe sad and emo if it is coz it's the one thing i've been lookingforward to the whole week! Hahaha I think she is! I hope she's not tootroubled by choir now though hahaha!
Ok ah u went back home already? Anyway engine here got free buffet.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Dylan, this is cooper
Take care.
one  <#>  comin le. Kisses and piaks
OK
H
Haha things for 4 days lo. Shoes.
TG, u printing our IS <#>  report?
Haha is my ryan still awake?
Hahaha.eh ok see u soon in Jan.lol.Sian so fast must go back.lol.
sentosa?
Hai
When u done
1. U R My ______ 2. I ______ you. 3. I Like Your_____ 4. I want ______ from u. 5. Pls change ur _____ 6. I Don't like ur ______ Fill and send me.. I'm waiting.
Hey, i'll try to consolidate wat he wants. If i'm not wrong, u'releft with credits javascript validation, GUI design and user ratingsfeature? For the UI, can u tell me how u want to do? If u want, i canmeet u tml or wed to finalized the UI.
Me too! I've had a long day so far!
Yeap hopefully!!!!
ll wake up late tmr:p got choir tmr morn?
Hope he reply you! Then no need think already hhahahaha
Dan 4gt it.u dun wan 2 intro n i jus follow suit.
Wear jacket can one
Olol i printed out a forum post by a guy with the exact same  prob which was fixed with a gpu replacement. Hopefully they dont ignore that.
Yo I off class le. You all folding balloons still?
Ooo photo taking for what! I have cca today and on fri): do you mindwaiting for me on fri? >< haha have fun in pe!! I'm not going to sleepyet:(
Wa herbal chicken Nomnomnom! Then send them an email and confirm!Wait everyone tot is next Fri lol... ya lo dun be late arh theresearch I late 5 min today they dun let me in le lo ask me go fornext session de
The coach of the boiler is tomorrow morning ... :(
Yeap, I'm on my way le, will reserve seat for you :)
I see u ^^
Remember on that day..
Ok ah.. can hear clearly female where I stood. I very soft ar?
Ohh! Call sophie's number!  <#>  (:
Okok I go find u guys after my 4pm lesson. Haha. See ya later then.
Hello.. U there? Wat happen to u?
Ok!
Car book eh. Okay.
I'm dooooooone!
Good morning my wonderful darling chou chou ling ling! Love u Dearest!
Ok no prob
Ohhhh
Hi, is your dlink dir  <#>  still available?
Hey.. nothing much.. watching match.. some fyp
Hmm do I leave soon?
Gg Liao. Zack enter
So 2moro how?
Saree photo
Okkk go together?
No la I jus follow since last week. 1 month later will buff le. Sianzmy sch now a lot hmwk wan die
Poke
Yes but i dont care! I need you bad, princess!
I know lol
HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!
Should be know. Hehe
Okay!
Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  <#>
Yea. Shld wear singlet?
<EMAIL>
Feb <#>  is "I LOVE U" day.Send Dis to al ur"VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! if u Ignore dis u wil lose ur luv 4ever.
Haha lynette helping me with programmes. Then I got my friends forpublicity and doing admin stuff.
Dont tell lie
No plans yet, you ?
Eh u make me Emo. I have Pe pants u want?
Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
U wanna ask jason whether he free to play?? If he ok then we actuallycan go ur house play.
Ehh. .sorry ar. U angry with my sis ar? Really not her fault.. shekeep saying want come back already but we were being held back byrelatives..
oh ya, so ur flu all cured?
I feel like I just lost a significant amount of hair... Home yet?
Hey.. Do u hv my Dbms rec?
yo I just realized the mattress won't fit in a van and we need tomove fast on the  <#> st.. I think we should rent a van just that day
Plus gst to govt
Your free 1 month trial eLibrary account was activated on 16/1/04. If you have not received an email on the activation, please contact library2@singnet.com
Oh wait I found it LOL
Haven start plus cine got no more stall to rent to him...So...Häiz.
9 plus
oops pai sei, was playin ps2 jus now. was too engrossed and forgot to reply yr sms
Call back when u r free
Haha, I reaching in 2 bus stops :)
Haha that one overseas diff lol... haha Gordon say tml he free gotanything tell him wor lol... but midnight movie doubt he want leh
Wads*
What u doing?
Hey xin... U havin drivin today?
Hmm I try then but not sure if free. U can try catching during breaks lmao
Will you be free to discuss the papers related to the architecture assignment during this week?
m on my way liao... Thk meet u at e busstop outside e mrt at 1120?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Nthing ra
I eating outside. Later tell ya?
Awwww :-(
Wa... Really ah, very hard to get in leh... Thk muz go 4 interview oso... Anyway, wish u gd luck oso la...
Bblp i head over to physics for consulttion. Muacks
sweet dreams take care
The caterer doesn't have enough coffee to get us throguh the nifty soI will try to call McDonald s after 2am for another run for coffee.Hope that's ok.
Sorry for the delay, make it this friday 5pm.
it will be hep you in active
Why is it selfish.. It isnt selfish lah,but he probably needs time to recuperate and get over it. Maybe some time later things will go fine again. Well you didnt find me either.
No dead pixels.
go canoeing today?
Nvm. Your mum was saying tml, I will only be free at night, earliestis late afternoon, only if you need help with your holidays homework.If not just weekday night or next week. Rest well!
Film po
mere pass mobile nai ho ga...
Ohh with laura n sylvia right.. Afternoon I got bsp <#>  lec. Too badthen. Haha.
No problem.
hee. orh. love my sweetiepie!
Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch ü later...
Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
Oh shit, wtf
Okay I'll tell Mike to tell Josh
hey , ps.. change plan, i go biz eat sandwich. need to rush to nxt clads soon
LOL YEAH HAHAHAHA HIS TIE
Ahhh overslp.
ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
Hey wanna meet for dinner later? Having chicken rice.  <DECIMAL> pm @potong pasir mrt busstop
No need safra card la.
LOL fish spa!!! Haha no at Somerset! Next to centrepoint! Okay I willgo there haha!
Can call me now?:P
He is fine I guess. Okay now
Tel dady 2 buy a tooth brush, coconut n something 4 cury 2moro.
Which u prefer dearie sweetie?
Ya.. Eating lor.. Thought of waiting for you, but I too hungry Liao.. Haha
You 3rd year lao jiao already, don't gan cheong.
Lols left 2 fish!
Oh okie lor... I dun mind tmr...
hi every one! intro pls.
A/ <#> , ramshraddha apt, indralok complex phase 2, new navghar road, bhayander(e).  <#>
Iszit thought malay more lenient.
Pigo.. u free this Sunday night? From about  <DECIMAL>  onwards.Rose's gf ask if we want go subtext celebrate his surprise bday
Yeah watching my eyesight dont worry. Whachudoin then?
Thought they say should receive by 24th?
K.
Just go to the clock tower and you will see
Hey lynette, leslie ask you to contact him regarding about tmr. :)
Ok noted
Yeah my cca ppl went for fun! Hahaha make them take turns!!
Janice's grandmother's funeral 2day evenig.c axd our choir2 help in singing.v r meeting at her place(next2church) at  <DECIMAL> pm.pls b present bcos jani s our member
Hey hey you are invited to my place this sunday for a cny dinner! R u able to make it?
Ok just press bell
Lol at where?1 stop away.
Why are you so down..? We both made mistakes and we both apologised for it. Why not stop thinking about it and cheer up?
No Shiv can join you.. I ll come as soon as I can. When do you haveto leave? Is  <#>  OK?
find u?
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Joji ikon TEL;CELL: <#>  X-CLASS:private END:VCARD
I oso wont stay 4 too long lor... I leave w u lor... Haha, or menghong is comin to pick u...
Went to eat wif parents wad.
Ok then later i msg u where i am.
Which poly she goin to... But u stayin in hostel so half e time u will b so far away mah... Haha, wana c how her bf look lk...
Yea sent him alr. I jus got jonathan's. He anyhow one... The usefulpoints overlap with the ones in ppt le
tml i busy. i going to cut my hair at the 10 mins shop. the parkway one. not the bugis one.
Hahaha coz I searched it last year!!
go to play basketball
Sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
Still issue there...so wake up at 5 and check
Bhai yaar mje bahut sari bte karni he tmse par jb mil0ge tb karunga...me dcembr me k0ta aunga n amit se kam tha urgent.. Use yaha bulana tha ek din ke liye;-(
m walking bk now...
Oh ok... I tot i haf to meet ü at bishan...
But he said it quite long ago. Dammmmmm
Can I go dye hair?
Oh sorry i thought u wrote did I get the renewal form. I haven'trenewed but wouldn't mind renewing.
have a good day
How I know, this one your 地盘.
How long does it take to go the hospital from jp?
<#>  pata ha kiska ha?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Howz that persons story
Dear I think need train le. Nw waiting for train.
I now on my way home le. See u there then =)
Can't. End at 4...
Eh i dunno. Must ask xuhui.
Sup cd
Bye.
I got the graphs workin n summaries. Dont stress we can figure u out. I jus made silly mistakes that I shld ve known.
Then i think u all stay for awhile loh, we all just talk awhile forthe presentation.
Ur dad send u lor. If not i can dun drive den i take ur car.
Haha yeah. Finishing up modules this sem.
Hee.u so yeiyei!  Nvm I bring there tmr.. hmm baobei maybe tmr canmeet u after the Noc thing end.
He is waiting there
Ok lor.
Heee. Wait so long le hor? .. dear on train le ma?
nervous :S
Hey I'm sorry for being so persistent lately. That won't happenanymore.  Anyway, all the best tmr!
Ü wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
Have you seen full metal alchemist?
ve u been den...
teri nai mili
Ok. Back gate?
Oh wow thats gay. Will firmware update help
Hee. Orh! Where u le?
<#> , I'am surprised no one has noticed the uniqueness in this date  <#> . No forwards yet...! Plz forward this as fast as possible, tomorrow is unique
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
<DECIMAL>  go back still gt train?
Oh okie... Den tmr  after 4 lor... Dunno weiyi got lesson not...
Zping at her house so she not free. Then if 7plus at amk central u ok or not?
m not in sg now. can I return the book to you on mon? u need use now?
Hi goodnight & wet r u up 2 I'm just texting 2 say hi & find out whats goin on wit u. ok laterz oh i'm in looking to go sleep right now so bye
ll b in town too... Y kiasu leh...
Wavu back!
Bhai bhai naam to bta
Err see 1st la. Kk good nightp
daddy i reaching in 5 min
How sian. Hostel life's boring now. Who's going for the meeting tmr?
Let Chris know xP
xy:I think v high probability t she has forgotten wat she say. What u all want 2 do? U cfm w her first lah..
Anyway if I remember correctly right, I dun think I quarrel withSpencer before hahaha, I just got annoyed at him, then he get angrywith me! Like take turns lol! Hahaha no la just a possibility! Tochinese garden there that house I used to stay in! Hahaha no not yet,i'm going to bathe first! Hahaha I was! Later I shall try again! Oooshow me next time!!
Ruby
Lol then you see gaara killed by deidara again.
So wat..its k..
Chou baobei still dunwant sleep are? Sayang your head and kiss u deepdeep. Tight squeezes included. Hee
Can't la need rush back hostel pass ny dad stuffs.
Nvm got stuck outside. Managed to sneak in
Think at least u lor. Most important is d is gd at teaching n explaining Maths problems.
where do u are i cand see u
Haha... Sorrie abit blurr liao... Havin too much lesson... So hows life for u?
Hey xin ah... U noe e gem modules rite, got gp a and b. Den which gp can we choose frm?
No need le. I got pants le so no need bring too thks
Hey, are in interested in IFG bowling?
Lols out with my family. They eating. Hahas the last few for a boysare frm our sch
Chao! Can send me the number for the korean bbq?
Yep Tuesday.
Ya... Sianz
s wawa... Gee... We shld try to walk to everywhere, haha, save money n jian fei...
Sir, good morning. Hope you had a good weekend. I called to let you know that i was able to raise  <#>  from my dad. He however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. This amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. Do have a good day. Abiola
ok
Hahaha omoshiroi!!! Hahaha what an early bird! I AM GOING TO HOSTEL TOO.
Ave 7 block  <#>  bus stop right? Near tpjc? I'll be there at 4.
Hi andrew aunty florida's home number is  <#>  Tc.
See u
You want to be my boyfriend?
I told her I can't make it on thurs. U replied her?
Hw many times i remembered u dis is fourth tym
Haha... Use ur imagination la... Cya tmr...
I give u all sylvia's contact num just in case.  <#>
s bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
Im doin my tut, and studyin my test for next week. wad time u woke up tis morn? still got take panadol?
Add
Find & list properties at www.listings.sg for free. See more than   <#> , <#>  listings by sellers, direct owners and explore new opportunities with others. Unsub: u
Ummmmah baby
Waiting for yuchuan to pass me stuff, i'll ask you where you guys are when i'm done
Yeah. No problem.
Ok!!
Oh shit. U send me ur?
1's free call me.
Isnt dis numb bel0ngs to amit kumar?
Ok can
wondering if you could wake up for the 1030 class lor
Ok baby
This is kwok :)
Dad,good morning.:-)
Yep, sure thing
Haha really really! Dunno if it's just the ocs one though haha! Gotalot of variety haha, it's just that it's cold! Oh no omg then how?Haha haven't end! waiting for the last station!
Yeah xP
Eh eh 你们吃饱了吗?
Hi, cal me soon. it's urgnt
Oh can it be earlier? Like right after speech day
I'm free from 2. I think mikk will be there too
Walking back!
Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
Ya they jus do whatever they want. Sj got girls forget us...
What how big is your house!?
Assholeeee
Going lor...i tink got take attendance when u fill in matric no b4doing tut...u not going liao ar?...
Goodieluckiefortomorrow!
Dear u staying in school today?
Arsenic album  <#>  is for increasing pletelet.
Now onlY I FEEL pa,
Did you watch the ep?
Okie share then.. ya I will haha...I not.stupid lah
okie...(provided he lent me loh)
Select any number of follwing..And send me ..Then tel one NAME(ur opp sex). I will tell their thoughts on you.  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..
My legs are working fine!
Sure sure... how about 3?
<<Content not supported>>
I'm otw le..
Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls & get closer.. GOODNOON:)
Time?
Probably around 1 month. The renovators say  <DECIMAL>  months is notenough.   <#>  months is safer. Thanks.
Happy or sad , one thing about past is- "Its no more" GOOD MORNING :-):-).
xy:Aiyo then u cfm w shuhui lor
Atm Password
Hey nxt Mon when celebration end
Where u gg?  Mummy sure ask de.. and wat time come back?
at pclab2 now. pretty crowded. want me to reserve a seat for you?
chapter 4 ka jo proof ha wo book main kidhar ha?
Oh... Hows your driving now? Muz be real pro liao....
Provided u provide the name of the person!
Ohh no now hardcore?
Ba o bei *
HI §§
Hahaha then where can I meet you? Np?
We'll discuss later, meet online at  <#> h
Thanks
s in her room. Hello! Huixin here... Haha...
Good noon
Okay. Btw, can i ask when do u need the 2 pple. Is it for the sameexibition on this coming weekend?
Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ?
I going =)
K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
Keep it in mind
I'm there and I can see you, but you can't see me ? Maybe you should reboot ym ? I seen the buzz
Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
Ok ... I can go out with u before 9 ...
Hahs okay never mind. Lol save money. Goodeh :-D
Hel0 ma'm:-D... I h0pe u w0nt mind in chating wid me
You today got sch?
Can come online?
Hahaha alright xP
Hey a key with a guitar shaped keychain was found near de volley ball court . . Probably a hostel room key. . Get it from chit security. . Pass de word
Y u scold me... Aiyo y u so poor thing today... Wat time ur parents coming home tmr?
Lols thks blonde. Same to ya
oh and need a "Game Completed" haha paiseh
DURING LESSON? I AM SO HONOURED LOL HAHAHAHA OBVIOUSLY COZ KAIJIEDOESN'T KNOW YOU!!!
Always Be Good With The Good But Never Be Bad With The Bad bc0z You Can not Wash Blood With the Blood.gn tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Sian keep dcing):
Ok but we mayb studying
Or unnamed undergrad to some pointless project
Could you pass it to mr jacob please? He said the loft vacencies arerunning out soon.
Plz do it 4 me..
ard what time will u be meeting him.. I have an appointment from 6 to 8..
Ps now outside I check when I get hm.
Haha ohh! Hahaha yeah omg the movie damn shiok! Hahaha okay ((:
I return Saturday at 15.40 .... may you cam to drive me at home????
Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
Oh you werent meh? I thought they said you,nic,hs?
Hi, for tml tuition do u want to bring it forward to before 5pm? Iwill be free in the afternoon.
LOL YES. HAHA JIO YOU NOW I'M WATCHING WITH HILDA TAY!
Ay ppl zheng shufen here. I change to tis no le.
hope I can do some thing for you
Not yet Nah. Now go bathe first
I slept last from <#> pm then <#> : <#> am. My lazy ass isn't used to working
Tmr i may be going to ikea, u want to go?
Where r u?
Ard  <#>  ar?...
Hmm.. you want to meet at boon lay mrt or in ntu? We meet at about<DECIMAL> ?we can only meet them after the ceremony right?
Very fu?
Enjoy urself tmr...
Hmm the next best thing would be Saturn. Get me Saturn.
Tmr ü free?
Got  <#>   <#>   <#>  k de
Nvm! On train le
What thing is a scam????
I dunno >< coz I never call you at 8? Haha >< okay ><
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Nasta karunga, abhi nikelna hai.
Next time introduce me some pp mm ba thanks le:p
Ok.. Juz nw u dum dum until so cute leh.. hee. I feel so in love wifeu. Enjoy ur dinner. I reach home tell u:-)
Bro there is some updates. Go have a look. And comment me.
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
I'm a piggggggggggggggg:D I told Charmaine idm helping out so I dunthink can play! Sorry!
Dur rehke haste rahoge to chalegaKbhi kbhi milte rahoge to bhi chalegahamari yaad me 1msg to karnaFir wo msg khali hoga to bhi chalega
Why not going? Aft exam le
Can apply for lol account transfer liao! Got free skins b4 9 jan
ok! u reach le call tanwh k?
Eh only can use a3 size le...
K..
Hostel
Ane sory andrw,cnt spek nw.cl u 2marw,im fed up f lif nw....
Alright^^ not eating?
Haha icic! I need to play my other world one also haha! If you reachmax level liao then nothing to do can help me play that other char?:Phahaha yes._. If you're bored can talk to him LOL. or you could playmy char!:D
Heading over noow
Where u now?
Old can I come to your room?
Have u done ay <#> / <#>  sems 2 de  <#>  paper?
Do u hav to be so fierce...
Yay see u! ;)
hee, i love u dear. always. 老公加油！
Thnk god. Hw much paid..
Post! You don't have to, if he wants to go back when you do though myparents could get him from your house ^^
Orh..I try. Must get used to it first.hee. enjoy your chat. Haha.I godo my stuff first. Eof.
Pk just to inform u again, I will go there myself reached abt  <#> .
aiyah... since u do so many things liaoz... might as well do another thing rite?
<#>
Just ended camp a few hrs ago, will be going for another next week
Lmao
Haha jiayou! Canteen?
Can i can put u in. but can ü give me ur particulars. Ur full name, gender, faculty, contact no, sailing experience and email address.  thanx
Thik hai
Call u a bit later k.
Hey wru de
She said,"buy present leh."
That's really pretty!! You would look so gorgeous in it :)
dunno
K.k.
Girl.. what u thinking of? Break up ur tasks into timeline and shortdeadline. Might help.:-)  btw, u in school today?
Are you happy baby ? Are you alright ? Did you take that job ? I hope your fine. I send you a kiss to make you smile from across the sea ... *kiss* *kiss*
Oh okie d...
Just got on the bus, will take  <#>  to  <#>  mins
m so broke already
Buying paddle. Need 5 each
Thks big guys! Will try g knock acs ppl :D
Yea?
It's nice!!
I thk i saw tt shift manager of urs tt u dislike... She seems quite okie.. Doesn look tt mean...
Call me
Upstairs.
Nishanth da.. am at yih. Can take mouse?
Cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.
hah.. okie lor.. haha.. n whois tat? ur new sweetie pie is it? haha..
Hahah paiseh.
Sweety darling i eat wuth the grouo k  . Eat lunch later dear  kiss kiss u
m not comin back 4 dinner... I msg daddy liao...
Ya lols! At first I shamed him
Munichalai
Then let her rest lol. Think ytd too much aircon then she got cold.
Ok i'll go pick you guys up
R6 lounge
Ok tonite then u read then u muz tell me your decision so i can tell you help me bid wat k
Sports or games
Am in sathy pa.
Enti darling raaava
What are you doing now?
So where r u takin me for dinner tonite?
he ask de.
Ok ok take care. I can understand.
I'm in office now . I will call you  <#>  min:)
2day how r ü...
Yeah... and when she calls him after he dies =( I think I would'vecalled a million times
Hey today you free? We going to fab house.
Good night:)
Mon morning wanna go gym?
I miss you so much. I want to hang out right now
Visual cert exam suite software.
Hahaha icic!! YES!!! Isn't it kind of irritating!
Goodnight! Omg Melvin was being a perv.
Lols aching frm pull ups
Home le,bo bao
Macha,wish to intimate that i am leaving to Qatar tonight in search of an apt opportunity.all went fast.Look forward to your patronage.shall keep in touch.Regards,Rakhesh.
So far!! And i realise need to talk a lot during class too... Ibidded for ssa <#> - biophysical environment
de de, u need transcript or certification letter? letter 2 to 3 days,transcript abt one week, n need to pay.
I sent from Google voice xP
Pubbin ah... Dun feel lk goin...Haha,wana rest...
Ok
Ok..cum online @ 7
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Sorry went swimming. Yea 8pm is fine for me.
Tell me when done
Waa how come all rs so cui... U gonna hav cool down period?
Kk
Yes. Machiam like queuing for donuts. And i'm like the  <#> rd on thequeue so i got rejected for the blood test! Haha. I hope they overlookyour cheque. It's like so chaotic. Haha.
Ummmmah baby
Haha yeah!(: hahaha they never say anything ah really! Like nothingat all! Haha ooo icic! Haha I told you she don't like my mum liao, soprefer her other grandchildren, then prefer me even less coz i'm agirl haha:P oh wells its not like she's super bad to me or what, justalways like to compare and tell me i'm worse so! Haha next time shesee you liao sure compare Nelia's boyfriend and you one x.x
Fetch me at bishan at 715... E mrt bus stop...
s nxt tue rite, shld b alrite... Aiyo, so sian, wed got test... So cya on wed...
Hey Hui Shan! I sent you some emails last night regarding game graphics. I hope it's useful. Let me know if you have any question ok
Haha we last for all event
Hongling last time used what?
Not gonna delete them of cus. Gonna store them somewhere else most probably. Why do you miss Glen?
Lol idk which block
Nope. Sorry!
Goodnight dear ryan <3! Ohh no, I just got your sms._.
No prob :)
s your masters coming along? dun get too stressed out k? dun give a damn about those bloody proud ass scholars! you can do it gal!!
My mom is out.
EaTing at  <DECIMAL> ?
We record together lah. Haha. U've the script ready ar? Which lec uall going tml?
wru?
Oh yeah haha I took a nap but cannot sleep properly coz of the napfathing so woke up suddenly at  <#>  haha
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
didnt go look leh, u leh?
Nvm la we using washing machine tonight
Andrew did Erandi akka give you the papers? When you take them plz count and take.. :)
ll b goin bangkok nxt wk... Quite hectic lor... So u juz slack ard now...
Whats happen with our plan?
Or h.. dear might need to wait a while. I havensee Dr Lim yet
No its okay heng also never set her alarm earlier!
m with driver. where u want to meet me.
Yeap
When?
U too...
What hahahaha shall just rely on chester's opinion hahaha! Yeah D: mymum always turns it off in the morning!
Ok sure. U let me know where n wat time lor.
Haha ANE camp and outreach camp is similar, as both targets sec schstudents. Just that outreach is more of course-like and less games.AGM is an event whereby the new comm officially takes over from theprevious comm. From agm, the comm will briefly talk about the eventsastro will be doing in the future.
s a card. Jus write some message n put all our names lor.
I think I cannot meet you all today.. I forgot to tell my mum I not eating dinner at home, she cooked le..
routine overhaul, periodic overhaul, intermediate overhaul, brake test, brake pipe etc.
come soon i am getting late
Aa na laude.
dont know la. he giving me 2 free tickets
-=¤.Nook.¤=-: Hi how ru im nong:-)
U know what he just did? He sang tian mi mi in front of the consumer.N when a guy asked for plastic bag, he went to take the yellow plasticbag from the box. I wanna vomit blood liao. Wahahahaha.
Usually where u study at com1 ar?
dear i didn't send my msg. nw at ntuc
Hey, if u wanna work with me over the weekends, call me back. Thanks.
Good worning Andreu! R u in the uni? Where were u last nite?
Networking :)technical support :)
Have an early night then.. :-)
What is the Height of Friendship? Its when ur Best Friend Run away with ur wife And u Really miss ur frnd....
I dun mind... Kaiez, set liao...haiz, u muz b slackin now, so gd...
U wan come ar? Set!
Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ...
On my way back to our place.
Go sign up for proj management grp  <#> ! Faster go b4 we hab tochange grp cos random ppl chap in again
Alright.. I'm headed there soon
Haha yeah I understand :D
Husband is the Head of the Family. Then what is Wife? Wife is the Neck of the Family Which Can Turn the Head Anywhere She wants.
Hmmm... 230 lor... Where will ur b?
nai
What's your mum's name btw lol!
I have two tickets of the film.Will you come with me?
Sup chuck
ll go in and chop seats first ?
Lol I don't like sitting behind too... might as well not be atlecture. I like the middle
Have u mised 6 clock dr?
Yaloh. Why?
M out
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 18liaos leh,legalised 4lotsa stuff liaos.so wadever ü do,gota tink thrice k.maya be happy owis ñ God Bless
Thanks (:
Haha. So efficient! Okay. Thanks.
You can lol i guess
Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
As in tmr morning!
Haha ended le! Now chatting! Yeap v fun! (: whatcha doing now??
Okay im on  <#>  le.
Anything. Wat time
2 piceas
Ya sure! At Changi hospital?
Yo yo. Please be reminded that tmr need to reach mpss at  <DECIMAL>eh :-) see you!
Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
Lolwhoops sorry i was etching now almost done with drilling
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
Thks!
Okay I call him later.
Hey Alan, lunch is possible.. but I can come earliest by  <#> .. 1for sure.. is that OK?
I send??
I might be some minutes late
Haha tip also over le! Yeah hehe:P he might ask later when class endx.x haha ooo sad I haven't eaten breakfast!
RIP
?
Ok. Just tell me which one on monday.
Okay lets meet at xinghua  <DECIMAL> pm.
Oks
Hahahah no problem, I fell asleep too after no sleep the night before
Hmm there was thunder but now clear le. I pass by macritchieeveryday! Lol can go next time I guess
Cycling at ecp?
Ya problem is haven't continue with it.think doing it over cny already.lol.
Hey when is physics test
Sorry, I'll call later
Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."
Yea I at ishimura
Hey or you want to go for fundamental pilates or fund yoga?
that's what I'd like to know too haha
Probably just the robot and a cable + parts to test
hello, when will you come here?
Good good then I can go out after that. Wahaha. Career talk where?
I put in e car den i go la.. U meet me first lor...
Have u 2 pay ur bil? How much. Shal pay after mas
ive 2 go da the shop
Ok de... Customer care ku phone pani sollu
Haha^^ <3 ooo I also want to play): hahaha I just waiting for my broto fall asleep then call you, talk awhile then go sleep:P haha soundslike you had fun! Great!(: hahaha cool I'm super noob):
What you mean?
Hi Abhisek, Dhanya,EB, Shweta - we meet at PGP back gate tomorrowmorning  <#>  sharp. please SMS everyone once you wake up.. if no SMSby  <#> , we ll all spam you with calls ;-) Seeya!
Lol dunno.I not Clark quay person.hahaha.
Lols! I got my Berton :D gonna run  <#> s. Jkjk
We at mac. Hee.
Bunk?
LOL sounds like arp!
Everything OK already.
Yup!
Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrow
Thanks!
Lg camp in pl6
Yeiyei on bus alr?
K
u? SABAH? SARAWAK? JORDAN, SORRY.
Will check with you when we finalize the reno.  I will keep an eyeout for your request.  Thanks, -Min
Wat r u wkg as... Ranger?
I lazy to go out...
Noel:I am 19YLD.
Haha aww... It's raining soon that's why I left. You so late?
I do , we'll be in touch
Where are you dear..?
Friday can?><
Lol the name is a lieeee. I went that time and it was not a party haha
Abe pagal he kya bhai me kal ph0n krunga paka n btata hu puri bt
Haha. Tmr if she reply then we see how.  Else see u at 3 tmr at boonlay :)
Hi this is Nirushan.pls com 2 church by 6.thanks.tc.God bless u.
xy:Yah lah yah lah watching w u all lah, but hope i didnt misunderstand t u all r watching LOTR hor. So her present buy already?
Ela
Yup. Where u?
Home le dar
I'm watching u
Nice xP
Silap press
I'm the worst =(
Rply da
In class.. should I come out?
Merry x'mas.. Have a wonderful day!
There should be a power rating. Or else you need to somehow measurethe current the device draws.
Hi Andreu, did ashok find out of another mate? If badulla boy can join let me kno early 2 tel his mother. Ok. May God bles u
Hey how are you?
Wan me to buy back? Reach home 7 plus. Nw at sembawang mrt
Post! I'm so excited to see you! <3 we should invite good ole blaze
ll u know if further details made known to me...
on  <#> .
Esplanade station! Haha
Mum ask ü to buy food home...
K
EHH CAN LOR!! I SHOW YOU LATER!!! Haha okay anyth without veggies:PWhat are you eating?
Haha ya lo... scary! Haha... lol good for u! Haha... so did he say alot thing lol
Hello, ulu pandan needs masking tape.
Haha no idea. That's why im trying lol.
Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
Ooh I was debating on which to send you out if those two
No la don't think ur fault la, no worries.
Lol heng haha.
Oh... Den 130?
I thought gv plaza's nearby? Okay then.you pick.
Where u ?
You want come out ma? Haha.. I think dm coming out soon
Im also tryng 2 do so.. It may tak tim.. Bt i hav 2.. Bcz i dnt hav any othr choic... I hav 2 accept that bitter fact wid grief...
By nets or cheque, need to pay at RELC BUREAU\, near orchard ShangRiLa hotel
SMSCASTLE All-Time ODI DreamTeam: Sachin Viru Lara Richards Ponting KapilDev Gilly Murali Akram McGrath Donald Bevan( <#> th man) BEST ODI: " <#> "
Can I play? Haha cause I manage to finish my html assignment le. Hehe
You are gonna take a longer time than expected? I thought you could have been done by <#> ?
Yup. Ok:-)
Before  <#>  bah
Haha but so random come out just to pei me home! Haha I dun think heis! Eh? Haha I was referring to the dress I like! See how aboutwearing it to your prom!
How long more will u take? Now at which stn?
Hmeeee......today not coming bbbbb
Hahaha dont worry it will be fun ^^
Not really, I got ample info, more like need to choose what we wantand link up the parts together.
Condolences
Had lunch? Went toa payoh for lunch just now. Had western food at food court, was ok... Miss my dear ?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Kisssss u back!
Tonight got what
Ehh my bro just woke up sian): wait awhile!
Waa shit sat night got formal. Think joining after comp le
Hey ps sohjie no printer and signed his form le...
Do you come home Friday our Saturday from camp?
Nvm found
Haha I just realised something! Hahaha yeah I had fun today I hopeyou did too^^ see you and have a safe trip home!
About 7pm?
Then u create one lor.
Doin fine as usual. Not ryt now....not plannin for any Delhi trip. Will let u kw if i have any plans... Very busy nowdays :-)
What do you mean non-rounding harmony?
enjoy your holiday !
At Chinese garden.. coming soon
Even paraphase need to cite. As long as u got the idea, u need tocite. I mean the content and not the length actually. I think it shldbe an intro to the system and not a summary of the problems. Theproblems shld be written only in pt forms which u did.
I anything 1, though I think msn end up wont finish by today. I'm inschool la, pk will be coming to sch also la, just dunno what time.Stupid thing is that I dunno what fsae is up to now. So tell u comelater I cant go off also.
Thats cool. I want to please you...
Hey no lab tomorrow its only due next week. Am having trouble withvisual studio.. will finish in a day or two
Waa small thing for u also dun wan give us as present ar... Orplanche. Whichever u prefer
Ok smart boy
selamat tinggal
Also, the pic load a bit slow..
Hahaha omg you're so blur! I'm going for fun haha I'm helping my brodraw his art for his exam! As in you all cycled the whole night whatthe! Hahaha we need to buy lots and lots of cup noodles!
Oh! That olympus head?
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
Joce! Are you free next wed?!
Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
Are* omg my autocorrect
If india win or level series means this is record:)
Eh not really I done it within 5 min... how u normally convertdecimal to binary one
I'm here!
They also said it HAS to be professionally installed
Probably peking express but I'm getting something else haha
Spur gears or sprockets? if sprockets can just get from motobikeshop. Not really sure about spur gears.
Okay!
I go see see.. but most likely if u cannot find then I also can't find..
Haha oops sorry forgot to inform you.
I can get you.. when do you want?
ok.. its veri convenient one.. mi hm one is e same as ur mum one.. u passin him todae? or tom
Sachin  <#>
Hi Ricky, we just discussed about the house number, and we'd like itto be gold in color.  If it cannot be done in gold, please leave thenumber as is.  Thanks.
Thanx for everything u have done for me!!
Yeah.
Waa u like some Emo shitz
Haha i'm not so skill! Ohh rmb I was talking to my parents about itat esplanade? My dad commented "you've got your dad's genes!" When Ifirst said hahaha! Haha byee! Have a safe treat home haha, I had areally fun post exam day!
I locked my keys in my car... Lol omg. I can't believe I did that.
Uhh get eamu pong abit then meet nom and the rest.
Thur  <#>  is fine. I'm not free on friday. Thanks!
Lecture till  <#> h
U still up? Was charging hp just now.. ps ..:-P
Hahahahahahah
Over at my place heavy....
Wahhhh =( wake up le jiu come bah. I still can spam call you.
Huh?
i only free on 29th
HTC TOUCH PRO2 kafi acha set ha..iske elawa htc diamond2  is main 5 mega pixel camera ha aur windows ha,wifi bhi ha, <#> mhz speed ha.around  <#>  tak ka hawebsite ha: www.hafeezcentre.pkmere khyal main windows hi theek rahe ga kyun ke wo use karne main thora easy ha android se
Got teacher day celebration
How are you feeling?
CHELSEA losing by 2 goals already... finished already... end of the match...
Let me know by tml evening k...
Woohoo reaching!
No, this isn't the Nexon I know!
I have 2 with me
Lol! Congrats man! Now I have some catching up to do lolz
Ahahah why am I telling you this ahahaha. oh well awkwardness is bad. Must have been your unrelenting attitude that caused this awkwardness to occur.
Pahuch jayega na?
Stupid
Treasure hunt? Emo dos I hurt my back muscle. Den wan put Salonpasbut can't cus too sunburn ==
Exactly the same topic...nv change any words in the title atall...lolz...can send me?...
About  <#> ? Will bring sparkling juice too! Nomnomnom
Wat time class outing end 2moro
K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way
I reach le.at the lesser ppl de phone booths there.
When rahul send? Ya ur  <DECIMAL> / <#> th graded task. And other shitz lols
reach le.u end tell us we drive out
Enjoy that pizzza yo
Paper. and u?
Are you this much buzy
Me at basement all the way back...
D and J Friday bet race 7 - 12 Law and Order. 85% can win.
You yishun lesson daddy got fetch? I also going tmr. Haha
s cash and carry lor...
Okay son. Wad u wan me to help in
Cv Frwrd krna hai mjhe HR ko.
R u still working now?
Kchu dorkar?
I wanted to one here study but no one! At home read  <#>  plus chapter of dbz
K..sms u all the username and password later...then i will email uthe receipt...u help me 4ward to wee ann and eugene lor...money cancollect as and when got see them lor...
O whose?
ll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
Lol you want to stalk all the way to his house eh. Lol
Not able to do anything.
ll b buyin e present on fri...so if ü wanna chip in den dun need to buy....cya on sat den!
Hi this is <name>! I emailed you a few words that I don't know... butif you don't have time no problem!
Omg. I forgot to take a photo of our phones together hor. Haha.
Hey, everything seems okay.. I kind you so much mom. The Boston stuffseems to have calmed
U good lor, i didnt even eat much, lunch n dinner having e same thing. Think i going to be starved...
Anything me going bugis temple now u fix e time n place i anywhere also can.
r u there?
Hahaha
TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
opss I forget to call you just now
Hi
i am free tml after 4pm.give me a time?
Ok! lg at the tail end. Muacks
but 3214 ok?
I want to see your pretty pussy...
I give u all sylvia's contact num just in case.  <#>
2 meals no gravy
Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
Eh wan fight izzit? One on one
As usual, the grandpa starts his story.. "Oru oorla oru Raja...", The grandchild says "Aiyyo... indha Spectrum kadhai enakku theriyum thatha";-....Good mornin
god and I thought I am bad at these things. go go go now
Hahaha okay if you do I will say "oh, hi!" Just for you:D hahaha butactl I think I will scream and run away!
Ps wrong chat...
Stay here.
Outside college audi
hi. We WILL meet at com 2 level 4 . Room number  <#>
MAMBA is fast. Deadly. Accurate. Before u know wat has hit you, yourdown. Tts pretty mch it
Do math assignment!
I'm job profile seems like bpo..
FUNNY VIJAY FANS :鈥〢fter indian men's team won the kabaddi finals in the asian games, vijay's gilli song was played in china..鈥㊣LAYATHALAPATHY ROCKZZ. . ! ! ! 鈥??
Good nite..geez..
Thks!
Machan.. Poddak late wela waren ok.. 7PM
Can i giv this it @ 2mrw eveng .
assalam,
how r u fasi, how is ramzan going with u. pray 4 our work..
miss u dear.
Oh OK.. tired?  Wanna go for walk later?
nice. thanks for the effort.
Ok cya tml then thanks
Yes.
Happy Diwali i miss you
Lol just submit la draft nia.minor little changes wan change still can change.just submit wat we have now.
Why u so ke qi with me, we dun pa tuo for whole day mah. I set on tues can? U wed shld be not free rite?
I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?
I knw..y u r txtng me..tel me whch bus
no
Where got domain la... Cannot even connect...
Aight
ya.just wake
Okay. Edit by when
What???? Hello wats talks email address?
Yeah got sch. Later got astro. You wanna ask hongling? She wanna buystuff too.
Gyming?
My bro is pigging in a statue of liberty style!
she ate the peperonie now eating the pizza
Oh okay
Okay (:
Beautiful shot. Now move on. In the shadows
No
Mo
<#>
Yes i have returned it to the classroom
mom i'm on my way to yuli's house do you need anything?
E learning any shitz?
Hee. Ok. I leaving soom
Emo... Gg le
Fine.. keep in touch thru whtsapp nd all..
Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition...
Ok lor.
I would just be exhausted by it
Yoyo are you coming soon??????
traffic bohat ha
Reach home liao..
They can't all be that bad.
Okie ^^ nights!!!!! <3 chibi's number one!
I went to iran to race in  <#> , all the girls in the team had to year veils also haha. Which part of thailand?
I didn't set any yet, just use  <#>  or  <#>
Sounds great! I won't forget. See you then!
Ok.
Hmm next week eh?
Sorry for what
Currently it's one page extra. But still trying to edit it.
Okie lor... Help me pass e msg ard k...
Okay can.
Lol what order is that?! Lol sugar level?
Good nite and sweet dreams to u
Hahaha dont know. Funny images starts to appear that may delay our dinner XD
Go for it
We likely can meet weeknights after 8pm this week.  Will any of thesenights work for you?
I am in class
Cos the mcq I abit blur so wanna verify wif u after the lec lol
Mony,
His inheritance will support himself for quite a long while I believe. My results? Not as good as last sem's but still fine I guess.
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
Ok, will try to pickup.
,)
K k .
Hi Kok Chin, let me check if u have it. Will email to you by tonight
Omg I'm so sorry! I was asleep LOL
A-
Haha have fun with your friends! haha today was nice! (: no worriesI'll get my work done!
Yea! Eh pinky brother wad u wan for bday?
Hahaha yeah I usually get on the leg too!!! Haiz so sad ): ): I can'tlean on things properly!!!
How about either tomorrow morning at about  <#>  or Sunday?
U jus send me a wrong msg n a blank msg.
Emo*
5plus dear..
Ya my friend lah. Okay what. Who say lousy? Btw, your guy grpmatedamn handsome loh. Wahahaha. Especially after he speaks. But u don'ttell him leh later he thought i interested in him. Haha.
Pls lah!
Nothing.
This karthik s eatng panparag in clas da!
WHAT I SLEPT NEXT TO A COCKROACH ARE YOU SERIOUS OH MY GOD THIS ISTERRIBLE. HAHA CONVERSE WITH HIM OMG DOES HE REMEMBER IT HAHA MYGRANDMA ORDERED FOOD IN HER SLEEP BEFORE HAHA! Oh oops sorry! Haha Ifall asleep easily but v hard to wake up! Oh damn sian Mt internetconnection damn shaky, keep signing in and out of msn what the.
Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
Eh I dun feel like going math le
WHY THEY SO RETARDED
Please buy some food back for dad.
Pri sch fren lols. Anytime jus not too late!
Ya when I taking specs off man
I'm Sanjay
KBCQ B
Hihi! What should I wear there?
Hey Monica did u help to collect our bibs?
Thousand plus dollars leh...low meh?...lolz...anyway...do i need totop up my paypal acc first b4 usage?...or i just use...they willdeduct from my debit card?
RECHARGE SUCCESSFUL on  <#>  at  <TIME> PM.Talktime Rs  <DECIMAL> .MRP Rs  <DECIMAL> .TransID  <#> .Call  <#>  for your Full Talktime Offer
Sup?
Lol dunno cos I tink until wed then can see u mah lol sob sob sobxiang si bing T.T...
Hi there?how are you?
Haha good lo. I also want new things~
Lols I take night la. Mus share
Got take pictures not? But professional service should be not bad rite
Yes can't wait to see you too! ;)
Or u try this first.. supposed to be something like the vpn ..   <URL>
Yes omg what the I just got this sms.
samaj aya
Haha why not lol. Can try eh.
m at the lt 24 toilet.... Med blk level 2 okay
Haha... Ya lor... So xiang ni... Aiya, thgt of askin u out but nvr mind lor. I realize nd to go bk do wk oso... Another day... Gee
simon, cut the idols some slack - they are juz kids with a dream!
ya..
Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
Okok
I'll try to reserve seats for you guys, how many?
so sad
hi, u watched infernal affairs 3, want to watch tog nxt wk? can ask others also
Where are you?
K omw
Try this:  <#> . Should be correct if he didn't change house.
As in, his posture looks like that!
You are welcome
Yes i am.. Hvn't seen one...I guess i need to visit Delhi n Mumbai often to see all fancy cars
Ok..i sms him
Okay then... ü free at 4? I need to pass you photos
Yeap! We'll reach there about  <#> ! Haha yeaps ryan tse might alsobe joining us! Dunno either at lakeside or bb!
Siva is in hostel aha:-.
ha. can.
Fineeeee!
What would have happened if adam and eve were chinese? We wud hav still livd in the paradise coz they wud hav left the apple n eaten the snake! Good evening.
Can u pick up some milk and eggs from the grocery
Apo sakthi topper ah?
Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Pls Do not break!Just  <#>  words."God Our Father,walk through my house and take away all my worries and illness; and please watch over and heal my family in Jesus' name.. Amen." This prayer is so powerful. Pass this to  <#>  people including me. A blessing is coming to you in 4mins of a new job, a house, marriage or financially. Do not break or ask questions.This is a test. Does GOD come first in your life? If so, stop what your doing & send to  <#>  people
Book le lol this Sunday taking liao... gonna chiong finish withinthis semester lol
For spray back glass, we think it is Lilac White for the dry kitchenand Bone for the wet kitchen.  Please confirm.
Noooooooooo
Hey sign up for standard chartered debit card at Cl. They give freemovie ticket. No strings. Tell I referred, might get extra free stuff
Wow u all so hardworking...u all camping tonite...
I'm vivek:)
Ohh I see. Okay,tell me about it tmr then. I will be free most probably.
Yes sure. How can i help?
Aiyo I park already. How to go?
Yeah, sorry, thought I texted you
Sorry fri cant cause I sat morning got test, after fri?
Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
3t 2
Straits times got meh... I always cant find one... Ok then i send to ur email lor...
Tats great!see ya in the morning..sweet dreams!
And your class ended so early?
s job briefin is tonight leh.so better call asap.
Clause  <#>  bhi hai
So sorry about my late reply. Busy day at work. I'm good though, how are you?
what you doing now?
Whoops, yeah xP
paiseh.. i still on  <#> .where are we meeting?
Not for possession, especially not first offense
Sure i'll set it up
the life has a ent,but the love has not a ent
Nice xD
Any problem?
Oooo forgot abt tt. Dont worry next time remind u. Hee.
Hey come to ur room de
I am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons.. Flung my advance.. Haha wat time u going?
wat is yr chalet no ?
Ok you can start getting ready
Hey sorry, running a bit late.. will come in  <#>  mins. Please start
Noooooooo please. Last thing I need is stress. For once in your life be fair.
Hee..U so bad leh,so long nv msg n reply me..U find me irritating huh?
Hi Ricky, never mind about the last SMS, the electrical folks figureda way around it.  Thanks, and sorry for the hassle.
What you need. You have a person to give na.
U decide
Ay duno lei.i anything one.or after my wk.i walk chinatown c where got open lo.
You should let me know cause I'm going to Michigan for a bit Saturdayand also it's my birthday =P
Was almost at bus stop. Ur mum cooked ah? Go nex lehhh
R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
Guy, no flash me now. If you go call me, call me. How madam. Take care oh.
Ok
I'm really sorry I lit your hair on fire
Ok then...u got any thing u wanna noe or want to tok about...let menoe lor...cya tml..
morning!!!moring morning!!!!!!!
Lols monday!
Lol I dont see it only. I observe.
What?
Haha yeap!!:D do you know your way there yet?
Haha I think got download. Btw you bringing polaroid?
Lol good luck. Meanwhile, who else can we get if he rejects/doesnt reply.
Haha no problem.
Yeeeeah lol... I used to get way worse as a kid in Ohio, I thinkthey're mosquito bites =/
t say hi. Had your bfast? Think today started off well... Boss coming in late .
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
The morning is just a few hrs away.Go to sleep and when you wake up,remember me who is always there for you and never let u down. GUD NITE.... _ - = * B/n$,,
Ooo I think that sounds fine but don't we have boarding assembly and ocs?
Huh... Jokes, okie,so weird... U enjoy ur day too, so gd can go back oredi...
<#>  t <#>
Ok.. I try faster come back lor..:-)
Yeah xP
No comment
Do0d I'm gonna come over!
I sent you the prices and do you mean the  <#> g,
Nope lol
Does everyone check in at  <#>  cram whatever?
Anna if u r coming in the evening,pls buy me dat blue tack da.Only if u can..Let me know the time u are coming.Bye da.Gbu..
Now at ys.. coming back le. Reach home abt 7? Wan dinner?
Waiting for bus. Si excited to see u
Where ya Oo
Preferably early lor. Wanna spend more time at home with parents on sunday.
I'm serious. You are in the money base
He ordered alot
He say hello to all
Ya lo I also lol... sob sob sob... T.T... I teaching le! At tanah merah le
Aww no fate. :-(
Fwd: Pass down msg. Rmb to sign consent form. It is in your emails.
LOL. Okay!! (:
Started out with like <#> k. I'm almost done...
Hey, do u wanna work over this coming weekend? At tampines mall. Rateis $6/hr. Exhibition agent. Station at booth, explain yellow pageswebsite if required. Must commit for both days. Sat is  <#> am to  <#>pm. Sun is 9am to 5pm. Will be working with me. There's a shorttraining at 5pm on fri. Reply asap.
Hmmmmm haha need to see if can get enough orders anot.
HI THERE ANY 1? IM NESH AGE 23F. KL. ANY 1 CARE 4 CHAT?
Aiya. Today abit rush.. I meeting Ben in  <#>  mins.. unless we havea quick meal.
Get the door?
Haha ooo icic! Dun know leh! Haha  <#>  is fine! Or you wanna meetearlier and have breakfast before you leave? (: haha my grandma gotsoup for me ^^ I shall bathe then drink it then go online! Alrights!Hopefully my bro sleeps early!!
Honors any hmwk?
Oh ya. So rmb to do module feedback n mpe ar. Anything unsure cancheck with either one of us. If u're getting the photos from yammy,can forward to us too. Haha. So we'll meet again for gw's bday injan!
I'll be home late I'll get back on my own.
am coming to office
Lols thks!
Hey sorry about changing to wednesday eh. If tmr you need my help letme know eh. I will be free.
<#> . haha.  <#> hrs
Lp I go all le. Muacks
good la, more than half done. rem to drink water.
Aiya just sleep. It's gonna be over soon anyway!
Prove
Leave it de.
Yes hee
dear i go lecture le. rem to grab something to eat k! mugmug.
Not sure sj running nt le. He yest went see doc den nvr come sch today
Hey... Sorry... Cant meet ur liao... Gota go... Meet up again k...
That's far. Ok, cant be helped.
Haha oh ya. I called that person up le. Cancellation successful already.
Ingala..
china developed laser weapon point at tw
Yo I got torchlight on my phone lol why eh?
Dunno lei ard 1 lor.. Muz c when my lunch is ready.. My sis cooking tmr... Hee... My sis say can reach at da dot...
It's cool. When is it
Fuuuck
Account number:  <#>
I will reach ur home in  <#>  minutes
Hahas not bad I guess.  <#> mins shld be better than last year
Ok. Where's the wake?
NOPE WHERE IS IT
actually i tink chunyan canot cfm wad time to go cos she gotta hand in assgt sat afternoon. btw wad areu gonna do so early in orchard?
Lol train them to use the scopes. Haha they have been experiencingbad weather for many nights so ya lo.
Hi guys, running a little late. Will reach in  <#> . Please start discussions
K.
Hi Diane, thank you again.  My email address ia  <EMAIL> .   Pleaselet your colleague know that we need the application form and to whomwe can address the completed form to.  Thanks!
Oo...ok...
SET! Who else u wanna jio? I wan play paintball siaz
Uncle boye. I need movies oh. Guide me. Plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. And the system is slowing down. What should i do. Have a gr8 day. Plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. How was the honey moon.
Can.
eh, lesson till 6.. u?
Lol how u know. Sian where u go?
Mr lee I got some thing on. Can I one at  <DECIMAL>
<name> wants me to wash all my stuff even though it's clean.. I thinkmom would be wondering why I'm washing all my shit
Hey mum, can lend me  <#>  for camp first? I need to top up some of the funds.
Haha whoa >< for me, spencer got quite pissed hahaha. Ehhhh no hahaharaghav is in the comm so I bugged him to let me go :p I'm yourreceptionist! Hahahaha! Ehh see how haha :P my prom dress must beawesome!
Oh okay.
Wat u doing my dear, i call u after the 9pm show k..
Darn good could I sleep through  <#> ?! LolI have most of the stuff I need, so I cab help you get stuff I'm sure
I think i tmr wear spects then go and make e contact lens. Don'twaste time today. Luckily u told me! Haha.
HAHA!! Yeap I am too^^ and I like tickling you its fun:P
Lol still on mrt ah? Im outside the shop already
Hey why de.
After Results,If U PassTeacher: Arre aakhir padhaya kisne thaMaa: Arre sab ALLAH ka Krm haiDad: Aakhir beta kiska haiFriend: Chal, sutta lga ke aate hainBut, If U FailTeacher: Class mein koi response hi nahi deta thaMaa: Arre sab mobile ki wajah se hua haiDad: Tumhara hi beta hai, aur laad pyaar karo, sar pe bithaoFriend: Chal, sutta lga ke aate hain Sab badal jaate hain, par DOST NAHIN:-)
Ohh we left like at  <#> + LOL.
Funny they say enuff pple dun need me le then will give me creditlol... coming to find u now
Ok
Hey Tamp mrt at 1pm
No luck in generating an OTP. I've installed it but when i run, itthrows me an error.
Can swim is relax one wat. Can wash sweat
Lols from who?
Lol.hahahaha.
Ohhh I think I stumbled upon his website before.
Lols I haven got Rom yet. Now out eating, gonna try when back. Yeathe movie is awesome
Nah, it's coo', you don't have to
Finished it the first thing i got into ofc. Happy that you made it just for me. Happy to be in early there two days too. Thanks dear.
Do you know the relationship between your two eyes? They blink together, cry together, see things together and sleep together. Even though they never see each other. Friendship should be just like that! Life is like hell without FRIENDS. ITS "WORLD BEST FRIEND WEEK". Who is your best friend? Send this to all your good friends. Even me, if I am one of them. See how many you get back. If you get more than 7, then you are really a lovable person.
Tripti ka 2nd sem me 4 sub. Me back leg gaya hai.
<#> h- <#> h but i'll be occupied
I told you I would
Done at 4. Can I go down after that then go home around 6?
Where you heading?
Okie u got ask who arh? How many pple I tml.go buy ticket earlier
Nus lo.. u?
Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
Thhco lor gave him the link le.then others we can scam some next.sg and the content management part.dun say we did so long ago.say fren startup but closed after a year.lol.I got other school project do for startup de oso.but those need set up not say very easy to show sia.can bring documentation and screenshots.lol.
hahaha that's wardah!!!
Abt 7
Lol wad
Sry... They came....
ll finish buying?
Do u knw d meanin of dese words:*Girlfrnd*Lover*Wife*Ex-GirlfrndVery Simple:*Pre-Paid*Post paid*Lifetime*Missed call .!!! xD
did you had your dinner?
I just found out most of my motor driver posts are not there anymore D:
No lesson but i going school with ben i tink
Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
Oh buy green tea Pepsi. U got time ar
Want food?
:-( I dont know. You got players?
bus stop pe khada tha cham cham kar ke ayi cham cham kar ke chali gayi....kal me sindoor leke khada tha wo mujhe rakhi bandh ke chali gayi...
Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
He went to do project. I 2moro  <#>  to 1 free
Yun ah..U took general bio izzit?How is it huh?
Wow:o sounds like alot! I can call you later when I reach home andyou can tell me about it hehehe!:DDDDD
Sardar makes a peg of whisky & tells wife:-pee isko" Wife tastes & says:-"Chee kitni kadvi hai" Sardar:-Behan di taki or tu sochti hai k mai roz ash krta hu."
great! its crystal jade at holland village. let's meet at  <DECIMAL>  alright? pls also help to ask other 'old' scouts. I have made reservation with a few more to spare.
Ya
Nooo why
hi kate, cant get u. can u call or sms me to tell me if u r still meeting me at plaza sing. Thanks
White paper loh.
Whoa omg how:o
Dnt wory jst stay wel k.
I was thinking of getting it for you for Christmas... no?
Lol everyone else is late -.-
Thanks alot mr tan, I received the email you sent to mr jeffery.
The speech one haha! Like you say sth funny then raghav will play thedrum beat!
m comming
Thanks.
One baba's propos mater. N also anna's 2nd weding anivesary 2day.
Don't get caught to desperate "FONSEKA LIES". Fonseka is not in house arrest. Election Commissioner will appear on media to announce final results in a while.
U mean nx wed instead. Shld be fine.
<EMAIL>6sisters
THAAAA BEST
Hug you back...
Yeah we got there like  <#>  minutes ago lol
This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
"Keep ur problems in ur heart, b'coz nobody will fight for u. Only u & u have to fight for ur self & win the battle. -VIVEKANAND- G 9t.. SD..
Yup  <#>
Sports complex. Her parents arriving at 7pm also.
Yo yo please remember my shorts! 2 pairs ah! Dark coloured ones (:preferably denim! Thanks!
Where u lols
m going crazy soon...
Not sure. It's at yishun safra. Will go back sch 1st
Nope... Goin to queensway, wana get a pair of addidas shoes...
Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
Please start without me. Only able to leave school now.
woo! you remembered the rice
hey hey. please pray for journey mercies for my trekking and the weather where we can reach the final destination without getting hurt.
Tnx
Haha okay!! Oh no hahaha my parents tried to call me a lot butcouldn't get through to my phone :o
Tasks.Now find rest yourself
>
come at 315...Lect end early... Haha...
Later can you come up to the ninth floor? Because I have a few and I don't know which is suited for your task
Thanks I hate doctors
hmm..the bank is being taken over by uob,then i am jobless now..
Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
Ok.
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
For what?
Hi, this is my mobile number and my email address is  <EMAIL>
Lols I tink I cmi la. Nxt time wan after cca we go do upper body conditioning.
are you coming to colombo?
Kya fark hota h khuda or peer me,Kyo yakin karte h log aaine or tasveer me,Agar kuch chaho or n mile to samajh lena,Ki kuch or acha likha h takdir me.
Pizza!
Dardar u still up? I charging HP just now.. night night my sweetheart!
Okay go sleep then. Goodnightt.
Ooo ask then sms me the same thing!
Dar u gt buy thing to eat hor?
I contact you later..? Now busy... At the moment, you, me, jay, nigel, bruce and pits all can... Actually quite a number.
Okay thanks!! (:
kkie... i meet u at around 7.15 at boon lay mrt k
Wtf. I tot  <DECIMAL>  meet
sat still gt work ar.. so poor thing
I meant POINTS. Not ppts.
U  R THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL IVE EVER SEEN. U R MY BABY COME AND C ME IN THE COMMON ROOM
K still are you loving me.
what are you doing niao niao?
Yeap haha! V fun! So I saw you dance with yichian! :D
Hmm.. I'm on my way to sch le. Hopefully, sylvia can do that.
Wah so fast wor u. I haven't loh. Next wk still have presentation nreport due. Haha. Okay okay. Work hard!
Hey.. You should try the Sambal chicken fried rice.. Very tasty.. :)
Night! I love you so so much!
Where you?
Dad ist goot! I just want to shleep
<3 I love you.
Ok!! I will make him drink
Nope, doing the assignment until  <DECIMAL>  then realize the time... Haha haven eat yet so hungry, are u getting food before u go in?
Yes... I trust u to buy new stuff ASAP so I can try it out
quiz start ho gaya?
Hurry home u big butt. Hang up on your last caller if u have to. Food is done and I'm starving. Don't ask what I cooked.
Good morning. What time will you be over?
Happy cny to u too
Suibian! Hahaha i'm still doing the ws omg ~ you should sleep too omg!
Yea but can't stay. Btw when u comin back
Haha it's always like this. You should board your bus at bk.
<#>  <street> rd
ll see u after lesson
Watching Parent Trap and missing old days.
When wan to sing?
Dar dar not sleeping soon rite? I go take a shower first. Hee
Dun tink i can make it..lecture from 4~ <#> pm. haha.enjoy urselves!
Dude how do you like the buff wind.
No problem enjoy ur weekend!
She's done with it and we juuust left
Ok
Lols Nop.jus freaking tired
Ya rite
My mother says; no doubts.
Lol ok.
Heh.. yup! Enjoyed myself alot! So thank you u n uncle for bringingme along today
can sell e book. how much u wan sell?
Hi can we change this week tuition to sat  <#> pm instead?
Kk going down now.
OH NOT REFERRING TO THAT LAH OBVIOUSLY AFTER OUR EXAMS I WILL BORROW!HAHA WHAT DID I DO, SET YOUR HOUSE ON FIRE?
We at clementi mall now eating. Help u dabao?
Happy birthday and happy valentine's day. :)
Im in sch. You buying or what.
han wo to main hon....wase parh kya rahe ho
Bblp 2 pm can??
t contact the translator and will assign others
Oh... Okie, u send me his no lor... Den i discuss w him first...
Over-a paesadha! Get it in the mrng!
i go foensics yhen get charger frm  u..
So what's happening?
Haha yeah now they on a speedboat, finally found teddy! Wonder whathappened to his finger haha x.x haha okay okay! I like meat:D haha omgall so boliao!! Hahaha I'll be flattened! ><
I'm near ticket office, have u reached?
Yup hee sayang u back
Hws angie
Hihi. Huiling here.. u're ambrose's sis? I shld be free next monevening abt 7plus. Wat are the plans for that night?
Hey check out the courts and let Mr know. ..
did you had your lunch?
Dis cnt hapnd andrw.he didnt die.he s here.wn i loged n 2 yahoo i saw he s onlin.i chat wit him,bt he didnt respnd....im waitin 4 a cl 4m him.......
Heeee. Dont want to wait ma. I rea h le bus also nt there yet
Smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
Brother
Wait for him reply lo. BTW I tis week only Tues thurs nid go. Mymentor overseas
LOL the rest haven't reached?
Yeah): haha it just started, dunno why lights not dimmed haha quitelame! Wow haha so far away XD haha oops! Hahaha omg then later gotbuff nick:O yeah we ate quiznos! I ate tuna LOL.
I cannot change yesterday. I can only make the most of today, and look with hope toward tomorrow.geve ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
So sorry no reply your sms coz too busy just now.
Haha! Okay! Lol!
Ya it came a while ago
Yeah
So what do you guys do.
Hey wanna meet for dinner later? Having chicken rice.  <DECIMAL> pm @potong pasir mrt busstop
Tell me when eating!
It's a great language! But you're motivation too =P
Dun wan lar still so ex...
Raining quite heavy over here at my hse le...shld be same as ur hse there too?
Ok.. so I make it.    To become the most prominent online food guideserving all eateries and potential diners in Singapore.  Ok
ll keep thinking of you... Haha.. So by sleeping can at least hope of dreaming you.. :-)
Wahhs omg O.O slap!!! Hahaha maybe ms lee picked for you! Hahaha Iwanted blue but the blue towel wasn't the one I liked haha:P so Ipicked green!
gn dear.
See page  <#>  of observer. U can aply i think.
want to go swimming?
Otherwise..?
I thk u shd keep ur hair... U go survey all ur frens... Hee... I was thkg toni n guy... Cos my sis wan to dye hair...
Okay what time he working today?
Ohhhh she ask me if want to go singing only. But from 5 to 8.
Also send a mail to  <EMAIL>to get ur Form  <#> .
Aft u fetch a ma then cum n fetch me lor... Call me when u reach...
Hey sexy buns! What of that day? No word from you this morning on YM ... :-( ... I think of you
Hahaha ohh your friends never wait for you?? LOL what are you talkingabout??? All of them are supposed to play catching what!! I was tryinghard not to whack the paddle into anything so I didn't reply!!
K..k:)how about your training process?
Haha no it's Friday and Saturday!
K?
Ooo icic show me picture! What not a tie nor a bowtie!? Then what isit!? Ohh Chester just said he wanna go out get stuff tmr too x.xleaving le!
P
Nope): still alot left):
Good work keep it up
Nice. Let's go to the park
Ah no idea eh. No one asked about dinner.
dear eat a bit before u come k? hee. n hor, it juz started raining. ni miss u so much.
Hahas thks
Brain is an outstanding objct in the wrld!It wrks  <#>  hrs a day, <#>  days in year,Frm birth to death,Stops only whn...we enter in examination hall..
hi jesslyn here, me using my uncle hp to msg. me just change my hp no. to 91073084. rem ok... enjoy e nitez!
Watch wat?
Wat doin
Wer u nw? In class?
Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
Sent you a guitarin' clip, this time I remembered to put it in mp3 haha
Ok okkay.
Hey, tml we'll have a one hr dicussion at  <DECIMAL> pm. Meet outsidenyp library. Then, we'll meet gavin at his place at 4pm. Somewherenear ro tiomg bahru plaza. Think it'll just be a short meet up so if uthink u can't make it becoz of your mum's bday, then it's okay.
Haha oh no today is the deadline!! Ask him decide fast!! Hahaha thanks! (:
At e yellow table.
6pm. Bbq right?
1-15pm ,reached about 5pm
Sat kada ani manci ga ready ayi vaca waste
Middle area...can see my bag...
The sky is v pretty now!! (:
Where are you? still on bed blur-blur.
Hey give me ur full mail add... Dun wana b wrong again...
Well I'm not gonna ditch you off course
LOL yeah right!! So what were you teaching her? Did you manage to geta pay raise?
LOL IDK MY DAD SAID. I THINK RYAN HAS ￥ <#> !!!
Also on my way le
Haha so you were surfing the page? Yucks! Haha ehh sth like anopportunist bah! I left chinese le, now raining damn heavily, crossbridge sure wet haha! Anyway he buys concert tickets to sell at higherprices!
Then
so much ?
See you in
老公！我真的好想快点见到你！ 抱抱宝贝^_^ laogong 晚安。
Will you be free on sunday night? I just met sebastian. We suggest a small class gathering at the studio. Play cards...gamble a bit.... Chit chat.... Blah Blah... Hope you guys can make it.
how bout u givin me ur intro 1st..
Ya rite... i gay huh.. haha.. also nv intro pretty gals.. still dare to say..
Haha medium will do
First has she gained more than  <#> kg since she took in. Second has she done the blood sugar tests. If she has and its ok and her blood pressure is within normal limits then no worries
K k
Keep working hard man!
I'M BORED HI HAHA
Aiyar we go tokyu macs meet lar...
U call me for?...
What?
Haha oh I was only referring to sc for that last part! Haha can'tchange le coz book tickets le >< they told me only after they book, soI was quite sian haha.. I told them I cannot go so long le they stillwant so :/ what's et? Haha bet is it? Haha no la not really, we alljust chat with each other that's all, only nelia take care of me de!Oh and she's adopted! Haha aft exams:DD
Roger.. btw for the coding can change day? Coz I might had anothermeeting on thurs
So xin n yun has qet tmr till 2..shall we meet at bout 3 at orchard? For dinner? N settle photos too?
Yep, and I don't know when on Saturday, probably earlier
Post!
Tail. Pigu. Bum bum
Aiyo... Ok... If tis wkend u free den can go out lor...
Oh shit
K..
hee. open eye big big. dear got seat not?
Find the fearless and full of life!
why r u late?
Called. Most do not do air con repair! Will ask around...
Hey wan gym le den come my hse study
Hi.
Siannnnnn so do I wear the belt!
Huh y u cant? Ur postpone one is not ur poly clique meeting is it....coming now wait for bus lol
Yeah movie date! Really hurts? Tell mom.
Tmr free for movie?
Hihi sorry! I have doctor's appointment layer so I won't be able togo>< anyway I'll send you all the cert design tonight!(:
If sat, the only available sat I have is 5th feb..
Ys prepar chm u r. U r nt detand
Who's this
Y?
Scam?? So confusing! I shall not attempt to understand:D I heard niaand timo are really complicated too!
password
u still dun know where?
You got do the economics aspect of fusion?
Goodmorning, today i am late for  <#> min.
Who this be? What shoes?
Oki aunty
:/ Does that mean no?
Oh oops I misread your message. HAHA the next president was vinventthat gave you all the presentation on the second day.
The marked ness  monster!
No not at all.. After lunch is ok.. I will come near your lab and send you a SMS.. Thank you soooooo much for helping me.. Thank you..
Heh im queuing up now le, quite long queue though.
Yar then can say hi... Then later can go for dinner... He like doing project...
Lol she says what about Friday?
YES!
Show offffff hahaha my koi how? XD
Hey sorry ah... Ü free this sun?
Okay nvm. Haha.
Getting raped by best camperr
i think she should like it ba...i remembered she onced said so when we saw it?
Hey we buy wad for cca
s not bad la... I dun mind tpy lor...
Ohh how come? I thought you like staying in hostel?
Hmm night walk nope bah. Maybe changing to something else.
Select any one number from 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 and  <#> . Ithula ena varudho atha nee enaku  <#>  new year'ku tharanum. One condition. Kandipa seiyanum.
Eatin my lunch...
Nxt time la. So little ^^
Rply
Terence same shirt
Anytime lor...
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
am busy
I always come this late wad... Mayb jus do major grps lo
s gonna be crowded and tins are more ex tomolo
De de when u coming back?
Okay
Ok btw reciever some weird shit binding problem use another reciever can liao
No that wouldn't work. Id just lose all my money
As usual..iam fine, happy & doing well..:)
Hi Andrew.. Pls send me Roshan's number i need to talk to him about the timing of the movie tomorrow. Thanks. Heb <TIME>
so sad
Hey roy...stil waitg for ur intro.
Eh where u eating dinner? Help me dabao?
Cheh! Can I go?
I plan all halal de leh. :(
2min
Np. Bout to get in the bath n e way, lol!
I feel very happy talking to you.
Let ur faith doesnt lead u 2 ur bad fate...
I loooove looove laopo muuuacks
Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
Haha I woke up le! morning haha! Okay haha so where do you all cyclearound? In a circle is it haha go kembangan then changi village o.ohaha ohh don't need to watch him one ah hahaha! Ooo sounds like he'llbe in exco le right haha! Hahaha shihui jiamin is it? But they didnight cycling before! Tell me about it later:D btw, you owe me  <#>bucks right, can pass 6 to shihui? Tell her it's for the tday thing! Ikeep forgetting to look for her:P ooo omg changi beach park haha it'sa quiet place! Who's in your tent! Hope you had a good rest:P
Haha. Okay. I'll send it again.
Should be home by  <TIME> pm.  Still on bus.
Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
Don't oh yar lidat. Gautham says one? I'm not really agreeable untildiscussion. If he wanna insist on it without my agreement, he can goahead and get the job done himself.
lol don't scowl back. Remember the swing and you can happily sharecab ;-) seri I am going to sleep.. talk to you tomorrow! :-)
Ing Cheong will come around 7pm tonight
Ohh okay! all the best k :D hahaha I know when your bday is! Justasking if you wanna donate on your bday! Hahaha yes I think itsMaxwell food centre that has the damn good prawn noodles! Quite ex forhawker food, but I think quite worth it coz the prawns are damn big!Ooo okay! I'll jio him! (:
Haha fail:P i'm not zai, I dun hand up my chinese hw! Haha cool Iwant go home too): haha half an hour more! I'm going to sleep!!!!
Lol no problem.haha.
We at mac.
nai
Mch better now. Thks
Yea okay later. Cya imma sleeping now
You wanna go back home? Cus there's nothing much to do liao leh.
else u can find something called time stopper
Dun*
Haha alright.
Frm emicakes... Near braddell mrt station...
We mit outside LT later k? Den we go museum 2gether..
Wow that's cheap.. Try putting it on eBay?
LOL BUT IT WAS CARROT CAKE!!! HAHA YOU DID A KARYEE? WHAT'S A KARYEEHAHAHA WHICH ONE!!!
Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
<#>
I just told him I'm not even gonna bother talking anymore cause he won't listen anyway. That's prolly what he wants but oh well I give up.
COME BACK TO TAMPA FFFFUUUUUUU
ok. i leave his hse in  <#>  min time
Did u get your mattresses?
I also nt going...Tink u better tell cow...Hehe
Lols ps I can't
U taking contemporary in physics ah? Alone?
WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
Mr tan, I think there are some issues regarding about returning backto the loft after  <#> pm as it states that we cant go back after  <#>pm. But we have night observations every night and it would be hard toadhere to that.
thanx for the bd celebration..frienz forever..nitez..
Pleas help me...
Yeap the same lab! Where r u le lol u got receive bang sms?
Should b. Why?
Tell
Coz I felt like walking around!
No wayyyyyy. Awww
oyeee chapter 7 ka hi bata de
jar
Hi Diane, thanks for helping us while you are on leave.  We arelooking for  <#> k loan over  <#>  years. Can you help draw up toamortization table to send to me at  <EMAIL> ?   Thanks!
m going sch now.. Gimme a call when u are leaving the camp k?
K
Holding dept too
We're twins now =P
Ass. Shoulda just came back. I so sian.
I miss it. And the rest of you
Ask ü smth... Jsp file need to compile?
Ya... Me jus slackin ard... U realli enjoyin urself going for holi marathon...
Hmmm I tout we have something from the interview we discuss thismorning? If dun have then nvm just take it off and the firstrecommendation bah cos the world class research I infer from thewebsite one dunno.correct or not
Msg 37: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<cbe613097f93658987f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2011.09.22 11:40:16
Gn
Yesssss hahahaha im so happy. 2 more programming paper
Lol tian ah. I know the weather shiok right haha. Im on bus le btw.
ate at 7+ liao. i did 1 of my proj le. but later still gotta go online to discuss something wf my grp members.. haiz.. u ah, at nite le still daydream.. hahah
s e biddin like? e cultures one i haven put any pts..
Wat time u be at home ah?
I can't find ur flight no
How check grade cus I ahem gotten mine. I did irp in yr 4 and arp inyr 5 so transcript is not bad ba. I take math honors too. But I tot yris slacker than yr 5 Oo
Thanks! :-)
I love you
Nabei so close ur hse still late
Haha okay (: I want watch! Hahaha charles dun want play! yukidota-ing and sophie playing springwood! Haha I'm on dn, doing my sidequests at the old place haha:P haha no la just say say abit eryi ah!Yay :D but you're not here!
Yeah
How is it possible to teach you. And where.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
As usual..iam fine, happy & doing well..:)
Haha. Yalah. But i know u'll sms de lah. I really feel fortunate tohave ppl to rmb my birthday although i don't have fb n stuff. Haha. Ican say tt today is a happy day for me le. Thank you very much!
race 10-2 Thunder on B75 ran first 1-10-8. to day run back B75 weight 58.5 but can claim 3 ib apprentice.
Ya lol tml 9 am lo can die! Still abit scare cos not all I can dosome very tricky... haha find another day lo lol... nuuuuuu so cruelT.T.... nvm gif u virtual kiss *muack*
T shirt + shorts
the guy in my team is ur team mates fren lo..
He oso semi formal onli la...
where is she going to stay then
Number. Haha. No problem de la.
Okay
Heee . We go robinson first bbp
Ah okayyy tmr I bringing laptop.
Lol okay.
Eh u use their lab computer one normally? U noe wat is the username or not arh
Im working ... R ü ireena
We go out eat?
Play play la lols. Wad he say
Cun... Haf a match on... i wanna go leh... Ü going?
Haha ok, so you wrote the cards?
Hahaha.I wan slp at the happy corner de leh.nv expect got whale attack.then sian shift until so in front eh row.lol u oso very strategic leh sit beside chauffeur sibooo.haha.
Yeap!!!! haha your phone is too noob:D
Yupz bedtime!
How ah?the other 2 of them going.if u dun go then I skip with u.hahaha.
I will b out le. Ps
Wa I tot u doing assignment or watching drama! Lol... I doing my worknow lo nothing to do lol... T.T.... so poor thing... u shld go seedoctor and ask how come everytime so pain lo...
U need algorithm or program
Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
Haha until then ah:P now must make full use of available time!Heehee! Ooo cool! but won't get lost meh! Haha omg how did youdescribe me sia, or he just kidding around with you?
<#>  min me aa rha hu.
I sms everyone alr...haha...
s a guy, wans to noe more abt it lor... Haha, seems lk u ask beta...
O.o????? Tmr due wat ah.
Oh btw the mac at shaw is it the one at lido top lvl?
t talk.Sheesh.Wat show u watchin?
Okay! I'm not anyway! CHINESE-ING
Alright thanks!
<#>  is fast approaching. So, Wish u a very Happy New Year Happy Sankranti Happy republic day Happy Valentines Day Happy Shivratri Happy Ugadi Happy Fools day Happy May Day Happy Independence Day, Happy Friendship,Mother,Father,Teachers,Childrens Day, & HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4 U. Happy Ganesh festival Happy Dasara Happy Diwali Happy Christmas  <#>  Good Mornings Afternoons, Evenings Nights. RememberI AM the first to WISHING U ALL THESE...your's Raj
O Lord, you have ALWAYS been our HOME. Before you created the hills or brought the world into being, you were ETERNALLY GOD, And will be GOD FOR EVER. Fill us each morning with your constant love, so that we may sing and be glad all our life. Psalm  <TIME> ,2, <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day in CHRIST. :-)
How's dinner (:
Hi kiran, plz download torch software..
Remember to ask alex about his pizza
Why not?
Goodmorninggg
*Woot Woot* :-D
Ok d
Yeah see you!
Yup i not interested. I was thinking e 2 of u go c then i go shop cos like i dont go e 2 of u wont go. Then now like e both of u outside already then so late.
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
Okie... Very gan jiong now...hey ur warmup got do parkin anot?
butter, almond and peanuts...buy some from me lah...hehe
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Ok d
s y she gave us e solns 4 tose qns lor... Aiya, e lecturer very slow lor, dunno if he can finish tis wk anot...
Fri can go 330 lesson ma... Maldives? Mayb sometime later, short of cash, haha...
Hey you received my message?
Yeah T.T night training!
Ok i go change also...
Orh, then tmr bah. U all stay at citysqaure mall till wad time?
Jay told me already, will do
Good Morning, in bus loh. nothing to do, then cal you but your fon?so sms you loh. ok bye! See you
<DECIMAL> pm. If my fren wan join okay rite
Cal u latr. Batry low
Yeap see you!
Okay rest well. :)
Erm u don't need to answer in this way. Oxides of aluminium areamphoteric so they can act as acid to react with alkali like yoursodium hydroxide.
i duno how long it lasts.im going coz later evening got dance.
Dear father please come to our institute our principle will say something.
Hmm I think mma students have photoshop.
Why are the only shops open past  <#> pm coffee establishments? -.-
Just got out of keyboard and I'm getting ready for rehearsal at seven :)
Hahaha okay! Size s leh!
Waiting for you come soon getting late:-@
Haha I think so! Yeap:P you wanna go see the earphones aft that?
Dad said to have some good food waiting for us when we get there.
Hi Alan, thanks to you and your family yesterday for the nice lunchat Prima and walk at Henderson Waves, we appreciated very much. Bestwishes to you and your family for your upcoming wedding!
Nope.. Still in lect... Where r u...
hmm nvm ba. i juz board  <#> .
You betta be takin' pics!
Yeah! Totally. Are you enjoying spring break?
What's the attire?
Hey, where are u ? i'm waiting
Hahaha so psychic!!! I dunno anytime is fine with me!! Ws alsoanytime de:D where you wanna go??
My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
No thanx!
Ok no prob. C u outside ya place at 640
Arz kiya hai.....Koi booha band kita......Wah wahKoi booha band kita......Ek dukh Sajna da,Douja Bijli ne tang kita.
What clash then how you take the exams! Haha take the odd week one k!
Nah haha no money ~
Wat time going back
Wah... Now den come back, muz b enjoyin over there... Hey u wana watch twins effect?
I am in ofc now.
Ok
Yea! So Joel signing us up then!
Guess
How i noe where got cheese cake...
Haha I said I can call ma! Then you said kk! Hahaha oh no are youawake? Sleep on the way there? Hahaha ehh send to house number needpay de leh! I didn't receive anyth though!
Oh oh. Jiu bo bian, go simlim buy eh.
Okie.
Sori iceman i cant expose my num.
Father coming 2 bles house at 3pm 2moro. Try 2 b here early
Dles
dun worry dear, i grab sandwichfrom emgine. u eat also k ^_^
Hey xin ah... U goin 4 e rag day tmr?
good lucks for tomorrow too! :P
Only for today eh.
Meeting for that qifa primary school thingy. Aiya unimportant.
ll leave by1?
God this assignment =(
Lol ok. Does eros suspect anything? Don't draw attention to it though
Wow, so popular ah... So busy today, haha... Ü going sci fac rite? The sci camp pple going to party at embassy tonight...
Dunno leh tink need y
Hihi are you coming tmr?
Swimming frisbee. Come fast
Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour.
Hi good morning! :-)
Huh? Did you send to the wrong person?
Orh chey... scarly in the end u both also din buy cos ex lol... lolthe queue very long? Shopp?
Good Evening!
Haha that's fantastic!
Lta eday buy  <#>
Thks
Ask now? Don't waste the seats. And very hard to call in and cancel.
Interviewwwwwwww.lol.
Haircut earliest 4 3 person tog is next wed 10 or 2... Colour earliest is july...
Oh.. Okie, but y muz mail to e lecturer oso...
I see haha no la it's alright. Sorry for putting it on thursday.
Dont buy ointment for me. coz I have already.
Hi:-) msg me your free hours for tomorrow and day after that... Also msg those hours which you cant afford to bunk, because i may ask you to bunk;-) so clearly msg both:-)
Lols I can go also la. Can't even giv u cheer den go wait niaz
Okay, what time should we come?
Sch uniform la... At hwa chong bridge... Eh later ask daddy dun pick me, i wan to stay in sch do work...
Ya becoz sylvia wants to meet decky to study so no pt i stay. Haha.Kidding lah. Paiseh leh. But i going back to study, if i not sure anyconcepts, i ask u ar.
Container lo
Are you doing stuff today maybe?
ll prob end in july... Haiz... Anyway, i applied nus sci... nope, din apply smu, cos thk quite diff to get in oso...
please call me as soon as possible.
Hi laura, i'll be consolidating the unfinished tasks for IS <#> . Letme know what u've yet to achieve ya.
YEAH HAHA THAT WORKS JUST FINE
Thanks babe
Hee. Me too! Must baobao more tmr. Dear enjoy ur dinner.. after reachhome let me know? Hee.
U evil sheep. X.x
Truman. I also asked shiyu and yikchoong
haha.just happy can help u a bit. dear i reached home le. muacks
Lols nicole hse?
K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
My extreme lack of jugdement regarding my family members' actions has cost me quite a bit
R.. Rw  <#>  se upar ki ati he
Reply
Safar Dosti Ka Chalta Rahe,Suraj Chahe Har Sham Dhalta Rahe,Kabhi Na Dhalegi Aapni Dosti Ki Shaam,Chahe Aasman Harpal Rang Badalta Rahe.
Hahaha okay! We go another day! About  <#>  -  <#>  bucks? I'msuibian too! Or you wanna just stay home and slack?
Haha sorry I was sleeping.
SEE U
Okayy
Yes,my loving daughter
Hahaha congratulations.
Defenitely Boss.shall be in touch.Thank You.
Haha ya lo best gf cannot do thing without me! Haha but really endingle mah... haizzzzzz harder than those past year paper lo.... die le...the math one last qn killer lo I only get partial then I exam finishthen tot of the answer -.-
hmm.. dunno yet. the appeal results out alr?
Hihi! So are you staying in hostel this week? (:
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Happy easter. May the risen lord bless u with much abundance
Typhoid ho rakha hai. Mai ofc to kal aa gaya tha lkn bht stress honelaga. Fir Mohit ko bataya to usne ghar jane ko kaha. Aur  <#>  days kbd hi wapas ane ko bola. Waise mai thik hu bs thoda rest krna jarurihai. Tmhe kisne bataya?
Wan clap for sankar?
Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about "the cave". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing.
Lol your com can win others mah. Hah need my help? XD
Haha! Woke up late?..she taking attendance.
mmwahahaha.and can claim to have relief taught b4 too
Where you
Whichever feels more comfortable.. long hair generally harder to maintain no?
Oh maybe lor he's quite cute leh
Aren't we supposed to send Eric an update by today?
No problem dear! I think no meed the add.. hee. Love u!
Where ya
Woohoo it's spreading yessss
THE IBM people are coming to our college tomorrow and are gonna take a session on tgmc... its goin to be damn useful for prj..so be present at  <#> am at tifac audi.. further if u hav any doubts regarding dis just ask me...reply once u get dis msg.... sinduja...
Hey happy birthday...
Lesson ends at 7. I think better go tmr
How to watch when i'm bringing you your wallet!! Haha!!
im gng 2 b late bcoz of traffic
May be. Gotta appeal and get accepted first luh. Fortunately my molgen was good last semester.
thanx for the discs... very happy!
NT yet dear..  <DECIMAL>
Ohhh talking about?
Now THIS girl is performing!
m on e bus la, u din c me... Din noe u workin at tis area too...
Lol I just received your message eh.
PARTY at 12pm. Be ready...
No calls..messages..missed calls
well,pass ü ür present when we meet k. n.n hope ü hav a really great ñ memorable fun day.
Hahaha usually I google the problem. How many beeps you hear thengoogle it bah.
Yup...She must be so happy now..Ü
Lol who knows? My own aunt who I see like 5 times a year knows more about where I worked. This is why I play jokes in my mom.
.. Meet u on eve lor.
Prob not why
Should be der by 10
Whom you talking
Where r u?plz cl.we r tensd.cl immediately.
骨奶
Ohh that was before debrief! Debrief ended at  <#> ! Haha I want dinner too ):
Yup!
Ru wearing legins
You pig!! Ok!!! Want do um on Wednesday???
Eh nope
Yupz...slept v well...
Yay!! Ok dar. U too. Lv much
1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
U haven seen them
Watch* got a lot tutorials wat. Jus need a place to train
Oh yeah clearly it's my fault
Wer r u?
Okay (:
Lol! Wat hmwk do u have? Not a lot wad
Cal me
Oh actually hor I realised I only need the lab reports sia! Mayhapyou have the soft copies?
s huggable mah... Gee...
Cool. We ll take before exam
s at e cultural center leh...
LOL do now!
Are you stil with madam?
Much better now thks
heee thanjs my wonderful dear
Never mind lor u go happy lor... ...
I mean how was ur day.
Eh u free 2day?
Six I guess... you?
ya xi, change to 3pm ok?
Ah? Again? Lol lynette can play at my house meh
dun have leh no sweet gal at all so boring.u NS rite
Gg saw
I'm on my way! Alisa
@ <#> yrs of age,u feel parents & frnds r best.. @ <#>  u feel frnds & ur lover r best.. @ <#>  u feel ur frnds & ur lifepatnr r best.. @ <#>  u feel ur frnds & ur kids r best.. @ <#>  u feel ur frnds & relativs r best.. @ <#>  & till ur death u feel ur frnd is d best.. Pp
What happen to you
Anna its me baba.pls let me know to dis no how to reach wallawatta frm NUGEGODA.i dont hav charge.bye
Great! I shoot big loads so get ready!
K alight le. Reach home call u
s jus rite...
Yea, sure =)
haha yah but i heard got no class in the end rite?
listening the class is very boring now adays:-p
t access den i can send it 2 u..I downloaded all the papers alrdy..
She left you a voicemail
Lols! Cus u continued feeding it rite
Haha. I Cannot play 3d games. My bro tried to teach me n gave up.Talk to u again another time.. I meet <name> le. Hee
i try to do it faster.,
Tell only ah. No treat or anything?!
Will call you in a bit
soon we will meet :)
Lol.. eh. Not dating la. Was just out with my friends.. paiseh.. I goadd the four lines later
Suntec.  Type wrong.haha. I fwd u the SMS..
Hahaha :P how was your day!
Lousy. Alone in my weekend home. I stay in bkt bandaraya, kl. Weekend stay at templer park here. Wht bout u?
Have u sent me??
i cnt cm 2 scl im sick
No not yet
Wish you the same:)
Hee. Morning my most wonderful boy!  U gt bring umbrella?
U wad time go home take luggage go airport??
Call me
Bring fearless!
That means get the door
Haha... Kaiez, i dun wan to stay bk  4 another yr oso... Meet up sme other time den...
we going for jap food at bugis 2nite u wanna join us?
Hey it seems p&g opened position for marketing.. do check it out.Long process it seems
Haha jacqueline?
Yea take care man. Dun overtrain!
Yup, but most of e tester look malay if i dont c e name i will think he malay.
Thanks
Lol.. u online?
Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
Oh and do advise me on some of the interview tips. Haha.
Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
Uuuuacks
Lol kk
chapter  5 kahan tak ha
Side gate frq. Ya nid formal
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Bhai koi jugad nai kya bahar nikalne ka?.. Gatekpr ko  <#>  rs pakda de
Hey so wat time 2moro
Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
He got the 3 to 4 one... lol nobody is swapping though
Ya. Later update u
I am waiting for your call sir.
Wat time u meeting xyan.
I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
Haha yeap!!! Haha friend why your plans fail!!! Hahaha do you wanttomato sauce????
Can't la. Must have integrity
!
Oh proooobably. ;)
Ya agree especially pretty girls. Haha. Hmm.. Think so but e lec ison e other day. I just saw her at a bus stop lah. Haha.
Hahaha not for me bah. Gotta study.
great. Will Come
Ha ha as strong as an ant eh. XD
No screaming means shouting..
U tel abt dat article
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
How is your son now
Bhabhi ke liye cake lete jana , ghar jate vakht
Feb  <#>  is "I LOVE U" day. Send dis to all ur "VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr
Fine w me.But fri we go, they say is a long queue thats why we didnt go... U need e flash book? If u wan, remind me tonight then i bring tomw
Tmr then go ipt?? Lol fever from eating too heaty cny food.
Goodjob sergeant! I m proud of u
Thks
wil u be late? coz today onli three of u... huijing, jolyn n u...
Madam zaida se confirm ho gaya hai monday ko jana hai
U! I late also hv to wait for u.
U divide one arh... I is determine the number of bit which is alsothe weight then I try see if the msb is within the decimal or not thenminus it away and carry on to the lsb
Its alright! (: whatcha doing today?
I think you're on a really good track, better than most people honestly
Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
Y? Convrt kr le na
Ah? Wherr got new protected post?
Meet where
Are you free?
Here's the plan... we both pool together a bunch of money and buy lotto tickets. When we win, we won't tell nobody and go hideout in sunny Mexico.
Hey xin... Doin puzzle tmr rite... What time go ur hse leh...
Gan! Come my room in  <#>  mins sorry I'm late got no time le!!
Owut noice
I'm in the room next to you waiting to be sure we're safe =P
My sister going to earn more than me da.
Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight <)
Hey u done math journal? When hand in
Yeap.
Sweet heart how are you?
I can smell goreng pisng from the interchange
U don't believe u go check loh. Haha. No i got B-. As expected lah,my question 1 pull me down.
LOL now harrison is an action word already eh. Haha no la probably Ican share with him the good ol' times in bss and tell him some secret.XD
Ohhh your collection of money includes for meals and tshirts?
Lols yea Ryan you Jonathan deer David hwang
Ok xy is coming wif us... Then ü staying until night time izzit?
u ask daddy?
K:)studying ah?
nope. Ended already
We at inside EA...
Wah die think I will be quite late sia.maybe ready there uncle give finish things.
SORRY!!!! I'M BORED ORGANIC CHEM IS HEADACHE
Hee. Love love u. Still clumsy wit the sms
I tell u on monday. Now actually no need to do anything. Haha.
Call me back
Yup ok then...
Gud nite.
Haha yup and remind me to collect my license from da post office too. Heh
Can't promote means retain??
m touched...
<#>  *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Sf tell me is  <#>  leh...cfa audi where sia?...
Wat the. Then where u now?
Lol poor thing T.T... dun jog so much lah so skinny le lol... I bopian must keep the tummy for u~~~
Going on nothing great.bye
Haha:P thanks for the thought though:P I was sleeping, when I woke updon't feel any difference though! Oh no haha black hole!:o!! So didyour friend say anything about me:P
I3 building? Or biz
Looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!
Call me
Oh yeah. What's the card number again?
Ok da...njan avashathayude pala levels kazinjukondirikkunnu.
Please call me. Urgent.
everything. i think ard 180 to 200. the detail discuss wif the aprent. so he interested?
No lah,how do I bathe with such a snall dog. Even then,it's fine wut!
They did f2b without stunts lol
:D!!! Going sitex today wahahaha!
Buyin ice cream at venuezia. Wat flavour u wan?
Dear you angry ?
Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
Oh... Cöz i maybe out cycling... Then nvm enjoy urself
I dnt knw hav to go at 5 i am in english lits volunter..
Still very tired your sister have ask you something?
Actually thought of going like 11 when e shop jus open. If u in town u wan e game can pass to u.
Andrew we r singing 2moro4 first friday evning novena and mas. Pls try 2be thr f u can atleast4 mas
okie dokie! muacks! kiss u more! hee.
Come around  <DECIMAL> pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
hey, must we hand in our medical report n cpf form together w our matriculation form?
Haha my bro is a pig, I told him in not feeling well ask him go, hesay he got headache.. Haha why are you late!! Ohh I dun get it, soit's sth like just acia? Haha hug the girl! Then the guy will beannoyed! Or if you dun want to get beaten up, hug the guy, then show abroken wrist:D haha tell me another day! Ehh where is it in thesentence? I'm home le!
Sastra means i vil tel abt d faculty,subject,n its tie up with companies
If you reach cathay, queue for astons first okay? We will join youshortly. :-D
1? I just finished Varun's exam
Ahhh sillier.Sunday cannoottt.meeting client abt coding some iPhone app.=(
At bustand
Hey, paiseh. I'm having proj meeting.
hey i got a job lobang for u.. interested in surveyor job??
Ahhh okay but I can only go for the morning events... got my frensbday party in the afternoon
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
Got one near e Hougang interchange. If duno is ok never mind.
Hello, Testing
Haha think I'll buy the olive green hehe.
Going back to gillman. Call me when you are on your way home.
Dude cn u plz gve me d tracking numb whch u'v g0t?
Dravid now
Ok.. I wont be coming on time also, probably about 8pm. The chancethat ivan will go is really slim la, its 1 week to his exams. Normallyhe shut off his hp.
Yes, chill
Enviromentally friendly detergent. Later? Not sure leh.
Why no answer:)
Ok...
No no, I am actually not worried about it. Thats the problem. I amgenerally doing ok without much effort. But I seem to have lost thefire to be exceptional...
Lol yeah you said you dont miss her haha
where r u?
Hi Andreu,mine  <#>  V. Dadys  <#>  V.
Meeting at time ah?
yar kya yakki ha....topic kya ha?
What there were two questions!! Haha the show or the restaurant!!!
Just leave lah. Haha. U don't have floorball meh? I keeping my things le leh.
I at my ahma hse le. Not going anywhere
Hey gen, do u still want me to do e conclusion or u wanna write it yourself?
Which one la...
For sure! No I just didn't know what you meant. Gettin down to                                    beeisness time. It's.. business time
Neh dont think is those two snails. The other one should be neritidae.
<#>
Haha I dun rmb le! haha I overslept, so I wanted to pon also but ohhwells! Haha i'm not sick! Doing cross stitch while sophie is sleeping!Waiting for cp farewell!
I mean I understand why you are tired,that's why I told you to take agood rest. I am not forcing you to follow me to nuh..
K
Yeah wipe between dips too
Oh no! Did you lose it?
Apparently today got some cosplay shit on going
When who where
Hahaha eh gd leh still can get some cert.haha.got job rec me not lol I looking for internship too arbo grad liao no work experience.
Ok
Yup  <#> th to  <#> th march,  <#> th day 0.
HAHA YOUR ROOM DAMN SUAY, MY ROOM DUN HAVE ANYTHING LIKE THAT! HAHAHAOMG THEY ARE SOO SMART SLAP THEM!!!!
I reaching later. Just woke up
Yup.
Haha ooo! It's damn cool! Haha okay lah v interesting coz I'll nevergo there again:P haha okay jyjy!! Hehe I might play dn later:D
Lols she nvr come la
<#>
Find the standards thing!! (: (:
where are you friend? i am on the way. i will be there in 5 minutes.
Shiok! U Gg max liao
Hi,I am not feeling well and having headache also. So, will not able to come.Pls pardon me for this.Regards,Ankit Kumar
Woot sob sob sob sorry my angel T.T... all my fault ~~~~ haha with uthen energetic le lol...
Eek I went to see it, I look unglam!!! Haha okay that sounds betterbro!!!:P chibi pain coz I'm chibi! Then when I hit not pain de! Hahaand you better not let any girl get too close haha, but actl idm ah,as long as you don't leave!:D Ehh you shouldn't hint, just tell meLOL. I may not get your hint!! Haha you're scared of lady gaga orJosephine?? Morning!
Apo ne damy pes aha.
I from melaka u
No no no I slept!  <#>  at clementi right?
Yea. I can't rem search wad. Android ar
Making popcorn also?
Haha coz no one eat with me until  <#> , by then only left  <#>  minsfor lunch so I had to chiong lor haha! Hahahahaha I dun see why comingto sch on time is something you should be rewarded for!! Hahaha oooyeap it's nice! Haha jealous): I want to go home also! Hahaha nope nowcarbonyl!
Very good.
Now?
Ohh time difference
Okie, meet at clementi mrt in half an hrs time..
can meet you at 11?
:(
Cfm reject bash liao loh. Must study harder liao. Haha.
LOL!!! Okay then we split the earnings XD Hahaha friend why are youawake!!! Sleep more!! Hahaha so cute I wanna see!!!!!
Haha! Bet she GE a badass now. How was tioman?
Haha no la it's okay.
Lol. Nice one. There. Emulsified.
K
Have she put the mark? I am still on my way.. Will text you when I see it.. :)
Is 2pm OK?
live happily
Good night!(:
=( umm cally jeff hl. Really not going because of tmr's work? =((
m going malaysia.. U interested?
Hi. We arranged it to be  <#> pm.
Yup
<#>  BHARAT
ll confirm later k... When u goin in?
boo boo? boo boo boo boo boo.. boo boo boo!!!!!!!!!!
Dunno... I oso v sian going 2 fall asleep soon...
FIS
For what?
what modules are you taking?
Hola
Dude avatar 3d was imp. At one point i thought there were actually flies in the room and almost tried hittng one as a reflex
Okok. But after I watch finish my show. Later then create.
K k!
Oh k. Can I help?
Sob sob sob... not fated sia... y wait got tonight! Come my house nowplay mj lol
Caw caw!
Hi.now only wake up..
m on my way there... Maybe will walk around first... And i need to collect sth from the fst block
What dear
i wake up already
What the chem major quiz is today also ._.
Mic
Eh wan swim at clementi later? At bout 5?
Msg nai ker rahi thi na?
Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
My lesson end at 4pm. U?
Send me ur flight details?
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Yes!
Lol what's merlin?
Lea sorry wat is digi?
KBCQ C  <#>
Okay... my next stop is novena... where is that? Behind the mrt ah?
Daddy going out tonight... Ü come home urself... Buy rice oredi...
Lol why is that a sad news?
Tabata-ing lor. Better? Sleep early please.
We decided to eat first!
what is your account number?
Haha.. randomly come disturb you lot.. how's life? Waiting to call her?
reaching home soon.. talk to u online later. probably on googledoc
Hmm my lesson tmr is afternoon so if u guys staying overnight I thinkI'm fine with it. Hehe
Ya lor ya lor.I where got so much money buy expensive lens for the img stabliser.haha.tot the lens got diff adapter so the diff mount not really a problem oso??got wat thing like disadvantageous for Sony de not ah?
Okie then... Let me noe when u are done k? See ya!
okay... Cya after lesson then
Fri got a  <#>  mins survey. $5 leh. I signed up for e 2pm slot le.Check your email!
ok
Sory. I'm 2 buy 2day. Panankkatti arailable in big red buket,tied in a bag. Theres ice cream also.
CERI U REBEL! SWEET DREAMZ ME LITTLE BUDDY!! C YA 2MORO! WHO NEEDS BLOKES
de de ask if u got help him play his mousehunt..
hi yc, jh and ec! I have made reservation for xiao long bao buffet next monday at  <DECIMAL> pm. pls keep it available! alright?
Hi Ricky, did you sand down the bathtub today, and did the tilerre-seal the bathtub? I seem to remember that these should happentoday.
Oink yes sir! Hahaha that's coz I never go online:P
Lol but a lot point lo scare later I forget some... and wait no timelo I suspect they in front sure take very long... bo pian mah u sickso wake up late
Ok then i settle my own
But not cool eh. Personal better. Saliva and all.
Ill be late. U reach where already?
Gambhir out for  <#> :-)ind  <#>  for 3:-).
... ok still got chance. So four months later then break. Yeah. See you on sat!
Aslamalaikkum....insha allah tohar beeen muht albi mufti mahfuuz...meaning same here....
Ok
Yes haha
1711  $3 Big $2 Small
Machan, its raining in SL.. :'(
Not very early waddddd
Post! Hahaha I wad like "huh, I thought the sunrise thing was Rachael." XP
MSMkozhikode: Nabi(s): "Vallavanum Sanmargathileku Kshanichal, Athu Pinpatiyavarude Adhe Prathifalam Avanum Kittum" (muslim 4/ <#>  no. <#> ) -
Haha, okie... Naughty gal ah... Now i oso dun feel lk goin tmr liao...
changle changle msg pathav re
I dont mind
Thanks... same to you too... happy  <#> ! All the best for the new year!
van main ho
Yo girl, happy belated birthday to you. ;) I'll back to ah ma house today but will be late ya. Having meeting now and will go to Regina later at  <DECIMAL> pm.
Pri sch fren lols. Anytime jus not too late!
haaha nvm lor
Yeah lor... I guess too many bad things happened...
Lmao omg
T U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT 2 TALK 2 U! TXT ME
Ah nice nice! Would like to hear more sometime.. Hows it coming along?
A pa did u c my msg... Y so long neva reply...
The choir sounds better when their mic is off :)
Hi friend.鈥﹕elect which is suitable for me....鈥??- Mental鈥??- homely鈥??- Silent鈥??- smart鈥??- Romantic鈥??- lovable鈥??- joker鈥??- Super鈥??- Sentimental鈥??- fraud
LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
How did sca do!
I don't think it'll get to the back
ll meet u ard tat time den. Haha...4 in town k.
Oh k k fyn
Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
The  <#>  on paydays for job corps must be the worst rout ever foryou guys lol
Nenu cinema ki vacha
Haha sorry I'm going trekking with ryan!:x
Jordan,ur intro.u no intro dan u wan 2 ask p.ple 2 sms u!
Yea but they nvr reply..
... isn't that hard to read lol
What u doing siol
Gil: u guess.hw bout u?intro urself.
She did? Hai. Okay... Tah our test paper is prob rotting away in her office or sth.
Haha ok madam... Eh den u wont b eatin lunch rite...
Oh wat topic u doing? I dun wanna do with jens siaz zzz
Haha it's also Chang ee de ee! Love ur wen hou haha. Yeah! Wed?
Pls dont restrict her from eating anythin she likes for the next two days.
welp imma take a shower and ill be back probally ifnot have a great nite
Are yar khade rehne ki jagah nai he.. Adjust kya karu..
Nu nenu
No plm i will come da. On the way.
Sorry, meant to say that I cant make it today because my child issick.  Please go ahead and meet if possible, but I will try to talk toover email later. Sorry!
Hello podi aiya hw r u? Wht r u dng? R u stdyng? Do u hv any exms? Thanx 4 ur advc aiye. Im stdyng wl. Also i need ur prayer. B happy. Gd blz u. Bye.
I wanna cry I really did lose alot of hair):
xy:Later i might be going suntec or orchard, u wan 2 go or not?
hi dude are you coming to college?
Psps!! Haha okay, where do you wanna eat?
Okay Monday can you contact Michelle?
Second hand good enough rite?
Ohh okay. so late liao leh
Aldrine, rakhesh ex RTM here.pls call.urgent.
ll go and book seats... I dun have lab oredi...
Lols nice
Haha npnp!! (: I dun know if we are still watching, heng and vivianhave test tmr! Go home safe!! (:
Yei yei yei yei!!!!!!! So are you out with ur family?
Good FRIENDS CaRE for each Other.. CLoSE Friends UNDERSTaND each Other... and TRUE Friends STaY forever beyond words, beyond time. Gud ni8
ya.supposedly
Haha just saw ur msg only lol... ya lo maybe I will buy haha $ <#>for iPhone 4! But must jailbreak again zzzz... haha ok lo up to u lol
lets go to party tonight:-)
Free to talk? Call me to order :-)
Do we have any spare power supplies
K
2 more stops. -_-"
Then the fish keep for dinner
Hey xin... Can bring e book tmr... Thanx...
We can go grab something light at macs later?
We should def hang out Thursday, since I'm going to Michigan Saturday^^ And Friday =(=(=(=(=(=(
*handsome
We've eaten already... Go first i suppose
Fun fun fun
Thks
I not sure! Yeah! But it is quite big! Yeah! I think if want to get to ur house must take cab! Yeah!
Hey so your sis going to cut? I  think i might want to cut.
Woo hoo! Later watching movie at 8
Where what time
No
Can u sms my hp 0168596707 now
Yo yo. Lunch at lt <#> b. Help me get everyone out of the loftplease. Thank youuu
I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
Wa heart broken T.T... sob sob sob so fast dun want me le
Am n d way
My hd spoilt
Battery needs to be replaced. vga output unstable, fire wire port not working (can use express card slot to get firewire if really need)
Yo!! Going later?? (:
Chal0ge aaj?
3 loh. Nvm. We go find other pple. Haha.
Great. Have a safe trip. Dont panic surrender all.
House is my all time favourite but <#> 's catching up too. Why?
I meet u at e same place in engine at 4 k.
Haha yeah they full of pro! Yandere meh! Hahaha I don't know if sheis leh! You said  <#>  mah! Haha so lame, hostel should have just leftthe keyboard in the hall, they brought it there on Saturday!
Then bobian lo. Got to order already.
How many ppl confirmed
Hey.. connectivity down. I go home then continue..
U going ld deco?
I don't know yet. Ya SS mod is like that one lah.
Again?
Dunno the organisers dam fked up. Waste time
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Can earlier? In school?
Ohhhh I get it now :P hahaha hopefully you finish fast tonight then!Haha what >< no ><
Yes :-)
Eating now?
Result came aha.
Hmmm... Reach there at 1? Cos my sis goin oso... U wan to go somewhere near my hse den can fetch u oso...
m stuck in mango... Shoppin!
5pm
2 juice leke aana paise le liyo nana se
Lunch
Hi Li Mei, will u be there at  <DECIMAL> pm? Paul
Waa I tink k
What is love? Love is God
No nid pair lols he is safety kayaker
W my bro but later he going out...
Targetting at 4 days.
Ye site boht slow hai .wrna abi tk downld kr chuka hota mai saray papr
Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
For sure. I just need note of shleep
Where/when do we meet?
Cl is closed
LOL its peace yes >< haha my dad say the doc say can discharge today,can leave at 5 so don't need me to go le! So yups:)
Yeah!
Haahaha I am seriously in awe. Ye I will go explore first :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Jus SMS can but l wan 2 listen 2 ur swe t voice u c
Lol it's near telok blangah. Haha im just kidding only.
Wu jian dao got sneaks ah? I anything
During service i was sitting beside him, yes. But now no.
ard $1000, 2 times a wk. they already confirm
Huh u really cannot ah, then nvm loh.
Ok...So did u get the idea i wuz green?
Who else?
kk, thanks! seeya tmr(Tuesday  <#>  jan)
Nice
LOL CAN LEAVE WHAT
Hahaha suan!!!! My entire room not back yet, so I went down to eatbreakfast alone hahaha! Then wardah so nice pei me eat:P haha okay seeyou!
SO* HUH WHAT
Truedat... Up to you; you're the one moving the stuff around
Ohhh damn
Eh moses, the display u need to go on wed, can see the reason on themail, ok right?
Jason ok.
R u alive?
Please check your email when you are free. Thanks Roshal.
Ok thanx...
Where are you da.
Flu): I alr had from Friday night, but I think got worse coz of therain ytd haha:x
Yay thanks alot!!!
Leavin in  <#>  min
Oh okay.
s drivin wat..
HAHAHA TOMOYO DRAGGED OKAZAKI TO SCH.
Haha oops! My pillow covered it! Haha I overslept:x I dreamt of youtoo!! Twice! I think the first one was us just sitting at vivo andchatting, I can't really rmb the second! hahaha my mum dao you so badhahaha omg what the, of all songs peng you!? Hahaha!! Was my brothere??
Yup reaching aoon e
Ogay ogay
Take ibuprofen now.
<#>
ll b lk u nxt month oso... U noe miwa? She stayin in hall three...
No.. waiting for cab
Hahahahaha cos fyn cut right
mee invest heavily on it leh (-.-) hehe
Never mind. ten o?clock I will sleep. you have take care yourself and concentrate your study ok. bye good night
Wtf they nvr call u up?
Alright, you?
Your work  <#> am ah? Can one la. That time play bang can alreadyplay until 1 le hahahaha
Helw depti.. Cn u plz update d shpng dtails f0r tht sai bhabha pandnt..
Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
Haha tmr is chem not stats! But dun need study meh! Haha tonight Ineed to jiayou le! I just finished dinner! Rmb to come to sch tmr ah!
Will do!
hee. kiss my xiang xiang prince. think i getting closer to the bug
Aaj phir aaina puchhta hai mujhse, Teri aankhon mein nami kyon hai? Jiski PYAR mein tune khud ko bhula diya, Uski PYAR mein kami kyon hai. Bye!
I tink notes quite sufficient le lol. BTW seniors say abstractalgebra nxt yr can die
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
Hi Colin, on top of what we discussed yesterday, we would like you tochange your plan as follows: 1) swap 3rd level master bedroom andwalk-in wardrobe, 2) keep back porch area (I.e., don't extend the wetkitchen all the way to the neighbor's wall). Can we see you with thechanges on monday?
Just got latest update..dunno if it's suppose to be good news.Overseas trip on  <#>  to  <#> .Frm sohjie. ALRIGHT!
Oh ya... climb in or get another form frm monica?
As in where's your chalet!?
Roy... r u single n avail 2?Haha...
to woh koun sa mushkil ha, paper tujhe pehle hi pata ha
hi omar, will u still be in nus at 6 ?i have some difficultydelivering the report by 5..
I guess I am going home soon. Unless you are doing something else?
Haha I was at vivo :P some ah beng served me sia! Haha
Have u come 2 rum? Good nite. May God bles u.
where are you going?
What hahaha random!
Test message ========= Please Ignore
Dunno! What do you think? Now got alot of wind! The murtabak is nice!
I'll see, but prolly yeah
Yup thks!
I emailed to ask leh
Aunty I am ok :-) . Thanks. Won't be going for the xiao long baotoday though so weihao can eat my share. Haha
hahaha i increased by 0.05 instead. if only i din do too badly for 3214
Okay!! Kiss you back!! :*:*
Yeap!!
I see. :) Well ive got work now...text you later though!
Blank mesage kyu ji?%-)
Yooo where are you guys?
Haha okay.
Lol general Cheng? When u telling her
K k pa Had your lunch aha.
yes aunty. just checked phone. ate it early in the morning. :)
I can live without you... for about 3 minutes, then I die.  Well goodnight and sweet dreams I love you too <3
So odd that I can't find it.. But ahh well..
Ya, arrived already. hehe
He is good player:)he is plying t <#>  today.
Hey 2moro how u going school
me gd lah than u leh?
Oh okie... Haha... Thk will reach ard tt time oso...
Alright!!
Sushi and pork garlic rice. Whachudoin?
Good idea. I tried r/maplemarket but no luck. Also, saw someoneselling leaves for 6k per leaf
Up coming movies***1: Jab we chat2: Namaste facebook3: Hum aapke hai mutual friend4: 7 gaali maaf5: Hum like kar chuke sanam6: Kabhi relationsh ip, kabhi single7: Maine poke kyu kiya8: Mujhse chatting karoge9: Mere Brother Ki Profile
HAHAHA NOOB!!! LET'S EAT CHLOROPHYLL
Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
Haa before i forget, i must thank u for bringing e cookie, hee if not next time no more liao.
Pls call when you are free.
Halo. We meeting 5 at suntec or marina sq 2 buy xf present then dinner is at 7 esplanade ichiban boshi. So wat time u coming?
When are we going to catch lor?
<#>
Ehhh... does it matter if they're together? Good for you la. I haz nochauffeur and my bus takes centuries to reach.
Come here, at north street!
Hey! :) Whatcha doing now?
Yoyo!! I can only find one replacement D: how? Do you have anyone to ask??
It went ok. My legs are killing me. But Now I'm nice and comfy w/Chinese food watching days of our lives.
Just asking. Cus I told my mom there will be school activities after script checking LOL.
LOL REALLY MEH! I COME OUT VERY LONG LIAO
A BIRLA INSTITUTE student is not the one who reads the book before exam! But, the one who writes a new book during the exam. :-GOOD MORNIIIIIIIIIIIING FRNDZZZZZ
Shitttttt okay. Thanks!
Leaving for mom's place now. :-)
Vidhut
Cool! Will drop by tomorrow.. thanks! :-)
Ok~!
Haha dunno, sit at corner of the coffeeshop and look inconspicuous!(:haha idm! Orh!(: haha still raining? So what did you all do the wholeday! I like the weather today, but I don't want it to rain tmr!
Now duminy.
2 laptop... I noe infra but too slow lar... I wan fast one
Ruyi xt me you
On it
Yeah I came back then wanted to concentrate, so never go msn, but gotdistracted by fb haha! And ps late reply! My bro was using my phonethe whole day!!
It slipped my mind lor. She say it's so big can share somemore
Okkk sent  <DECIMAL>  to you liao~
Your house omg! Sorry sorry!! Haha ok ok ah..  <DECIMAL> / <#>  forstats,  <#> / <#>  for ecology and  <#> / <#>  for inorganic chem!
Hi Ricky,  I cant seem to reach you. Can you call back before  <#>or sms me about today's activities?  Will the bathtub folks cometoday?
Aunty I will reach slightly later than 1 pm..at jurong east now. Hehe
Yup.. sup?
Where r u now? I finish oredi...
Prakesh is there know.
s exam?
Call me
Cal me ra
Heh today your lesson until what time?
U reaching serangoon?
Relieving docs query related contact: <#>   <#> .
t had lunch yet.. hehe..
What msg. I still havent on my com.
Are you back
s ur new year? I jus came back yesterday...
Lol rawr
Haha I think okay eh.
<EMAIL>
Im startn frm 2mrw,do ya wana join?
sorry sorry sorry.. I buy u drinks
Yishun safra mine start 5pm
What about you.
Auntie 元宵节快乐! :D
Examiner: y r u under tension? Did u forget admit card, ID, or calculator? stud: No mam! By mistake i bring tomorrow exams ? Bits:-> good nit...
Ok let me just schedule my flight.
Lta eday buy  <#>
Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
Wah wah why so late
Not stressed.. is OK :-)  <#>
Oh oh okay! Thanks alot!
True. I don't have time anyway xP and if I did I'm lame any way.. oh well
Wat the.... Week 9 need hand in rite
Mid way thru malakayattam.really out but walked without stopping till half way...areee thooopppikkana....?so i sat now.
Hi Ricky, it's been four weeks since I started asking about the PUBproblem.  I got yet another bill stating I have 5 taps. When is thisgoing to be fixed? Any progress?
Timo there liao, ryan and I are 2 stops away!
If a day comes whn u find a better person than me, just remembr dat.. 1. Wat i gave u, is d best of wat i hve, 2. Wat i m to u, is d best i cud be :) takcre
U go find winston liao?...
Cus my mom might be waiting for me for lunch.
sorry i can't.. have told 1 of the coordinators abt this..
Call me when you reach!(:
Next week we wanna go msg u 1 day b4
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
Haha dont worry. :-)
<#> th plus land training then  <#>  water ba. End at 2. U?
Aight, see you in a bit
Then why you came to hostel.
Do you want to have dinner at imm later/ Can go hosin.. meet me at 6pm at imm ok?
anyway lol... Okkk cyaa
Who is murdere?
When/where do I pick you up
Yeah haha
No. I'm just joking
Now look who's the cunning one!
I copied exclusively for u.
lg in school alr hor?
Lols I at hosp visiting dads fren son. Later going orchard le. Pslooks lol u gotta eat wanderer meal
Go to @hibiscus at the turf club.
lite nai ai abi tak
Haha I just woke up lol! Hungry--- And I gotta leave at 2 too.
Aiya but u also not innocent sweet young ones! :P
Calm! At the disco
hi, i am already at dhoby ghaut mrt. are you reaching soon?
Ic?
Did you take my chow mee fun? Couldnt find the packet in the car.
Thanks!
cum fast..
K.k.how is your business now?
Haha yeah only 3 of us! The rest of them reach ecp macs liao! Sian Inever go! If not can stamp the park passports!! Emo): haha go sleeplah!! Yeah here not the west, less kurohito! Haha!
Wth then he dun want reply me! Ok lo I see if any1 reply
Haha find someone to replace???
So it is in Malaysia?
Cacaw
Not tis sat. Got plans le ps
Hey! Wanna go ecp tmr after airport?
lull balul kidhar?
As in chiong back hostel change la....
Haven't start!
Hee. Chou bao bei!!put down ur kindle and get some test. I reallyappreciate u for being so caring and understanding dear. Tmr I shallhug u tight tight!! Mugss :*:*:*:*:*:*
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Hehe ummmmah
Why u pulled it in the morning?!
hey edmund, u doing the actor use case description or me?
Possibly
Okay lor... The traffic police hasnt sent me a letter yet!
Go to isp, staff directory, change url to "students.asp" and have fun
Next wed night! (:
I'm refreshing cuz it threw me into a game with strangers
Happy birthdayyyyyy. Lol.
Hahaha i'm going nz mah!!! :D
K
Usne kaha tha wo  <#>  bje se pehle chal paega isliye
wat msg gal
Ya... Ate long ago... Now at starbucks...
Ok you carry on
Haha I buy for you mah lol
Wah so in front ar. Haha.
Lol it' not like we've met michelle so often. Haha
Hahaha, well you can get some in Ohio!
I accidentally put down at first hehe:P go play game?
At level 3 kopitiam
tip halo
Hello where are you now revathi pls i need the diary. Can you take that today and ill come to office:-).
Got food poisoning. Lost 3kg le
Oh oh im at jj house downstairs. Meet you at your house there!
Yeah home. Fish babies grew a lot within the week.
you will come my home next holiday
Shopping... Ü lei...
Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee..
Preparing fried rice later. Save some for my dear dear... Work hard ya! ?
Haha:p haha no one's awake, I wonder if I can re-fry my fried rice bymyself o.o!
It's an inter clan war now!
Millian lar...
Oh oh. Then i go home sleep first bah.
Will you come online today night
Haha okay okay (: my house cannot see any! Ohh no I have to reach schearly tmr ~ T.T
Yeah let her be part time bh
Hi u coming for the meeting? It.is change to  <DECIMAL>
Lg wait at bus stop outside the np mac
Oh okay
s shirts...
Wat the my hse borin sia I dun wan stay home
I've never heard anything before and now I hear them bumbling around
330 class dont need to book i got no car also but got direct bus from east point to expo we meet at amore ok i have to do my tutorial now
Nah can't. Tis week a lot things can't gym
Ok, i will take a look when i go home...
Neh watching House. Okay. Noodles not ready yet?
I borrow ur ezlink card k... I put mine in ur wallet oredi...Help me top up pls... 10q...
Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
Fridge got cake, go n eat...
uuuuuuu! so yeiyei. dear deat see u tmr! love love u.
s goin...pls reply asap....thx..
Oe iluminati asal mai hain?
Did u turn on the heater? The heater was on and set to <#> degrees.
Haha  <#> pm eh.
Eh i too tired le. Cmi today
No earphones.
Yuan han
Lea u there?
Dear sleep le ma? Dun sleep too late okie.?:*:*:*:*:*:*
Talk to you later
Wahahahah that is y we so pei lol... then sleep early lo lol.. ya loso Chan... sob sob sob so sad...
Go fly kite at west coast
Ok good boy
s ur  first wk of sch? Happenin?
Select any number of follwing..And send me ..Then tel one NAME(ur opp sex). I will tell their thoughts on you.  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..
Waa wat the shit. Ms lee say go back cus postponed till 3 still notconfirmed... emo
ve to stay at home n wait for da dvd player to come... Sad... We go on thurs ok...
Yes
BYE LOLOL HAHAHA IVAN WEARING TIE!!!!!!
Interesting lessons!! Frederich test hubristic determineidiosyncratic weak redeem CDROM won idm idm run form eco even tic yumtruth
Wah wake up on wrong side of the bed! Sleep somemore! Hahaha kidding,go walk around for awhile!
Yup. My stream requires it. There is exam of 100MCQs. Not confirm A lah, so long never touch biology already. Hmm.. can I get the book from you earlier? Meet at Aljunied mrt or somewhere convenient..?
Eh really dun need lah, if you feel awkward then nvm! Dun need comepick me up too!
Not sold
Haha. Maybe? Dunno yet. U gg ah?
Middle right top
I removed the password already. Dont anyhow go download stuff.
Haha okay 3pm at your house.
morning my darling yei yei!
May the warmth and splendor on this auspicious occasion, fill yourlife with happiness and cheer and bring u joy n prosperity for thewhole year. Happy Diwali.
Beside the soyabean shop.
Alright i have a new goal now
*sings the gc song*
Wah she become same agn?
LOL what the!!!! Where did you get that anyway!
oh its ok. c u at mac 1030 on fri then.
Wah xiao so high i think better not. I got a few  <#> ks with me i bring on monday lah
Nope
Will reach soon
Mohit aap offline Kyu hai?
na aya phir?
Ok! Mucks. Pribably need ur matric. Yeiyeiwat time end
Biz2. Behind the canteen.
Ya going sentosa wat
Hokay!
I need... Coz i never go before
Can i confirm w ü e time tmr?
O.o?  <DECIMAL>  at?
4....
Not yet leh... I take taxi home lor...
He today not free. Aiyah u free, jus now wanted go out but thought u all wont b free. Ok later if she call back then i tell u how.
I'll be late by a couple of mins as there is a train fault. Sry for the inconvenience
Hav u done d rchrg....
Lol nope ah. That one no morning flight.
OH YUCK!!!!!! HAHA SLAP
We can make a baby in yo tho
It's at ec
Having dinner now?
The roaming! O.o!
Wat u doing now? Haiz, i got to go down to my dad office liao.
Ok then:-)
Unicycling sorry Btw we using ardupilot mega on gaui
Oh Kk nvm then
Uhh i was cleaning up my desk and my nose decided to run; you guys move on ahead and settle down first, I'll join the party when don't look half-undead
Good. General Cheng already fell in in his bed already
Haha I don't know i'm just blur! Why cannot hahaha type a lot faster!
Thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
come home quickly or miss........ please buddy.
Why sorry.
okie i add u when home 2night.rem to add me k?
<#>   <#>
I can't, wells Fargo is making me wait to deposit it
???
I'm free already.
No la just wanna learn cool stuff frm here and there. Breakdance andparkour all too hiong for my body. U le interested?
Badiya hai
Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
aathi..sleeping?
hey, when is Tarang?
Hhaha but pei me go shop eh. Lol before that want to take monopoly deal?
U in town alone?
What r u doing
Hahaha my parents haven't come home!
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
Meh, you'll publish real serious work one day and people will Google you
great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  <#>  times per night :)
Btw yun.r ü interested in doin revision or hava readin period?cos i lkg for ppl to study-or sch open sure die.
AHH SORRY!! I just woke up x.x
Yo I'm here
Today?..lolz...kk...nvm...
Then..wat is dat personal matter
And that is the problem. You walk around in "julianaland" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad.
Come on skype
Chk kiya?
Are we grocery shopping tomorrow? I nee   to know when so I can knowif I can go with my friend
One small prestige problem now.
Darling sweety. Im so happy to have u my dearie as my companion. Loveu lots laopo!
Who is this
I see how lah, den i tell u whether meeting for dinner not.
.
Oki.. now last part le. Will rest son
Thanks
Okay
Aa
Ha lkn start ghar se hi krni chahiye.
Apo all other are mokka players only
ll give you a hug when we meet on friday k?
Hmmm..
He playing??
Ok sure
Lol you were good kay :D
Calling but not reply
After lesson end lor
Dont think she will c, but u can try lor. U send me e photos then i upload lor. U got go mango sale?
Ok!! Lg eat le. Enjoy urseelf my girl
BYE, BYE MISS AMERICAN PIE
Hahas np
Ok
go sleep lah
If u wan sun night also can. I can't study at hm
Which?????
Hey ü sign for final theory already? The next date is 30 leh!
Lol I taking mis this sem leh.hahaha.
Yeah lynette's buying stuff with leslie tmr.
U go where arp. Why meet ar clementi
Where u now
Lea nama benar ü ape?
Jeffery sim! Saturday can go your house bainian and play cards?
Suffering from acute pain need medication :-(
Train kitne timeHAI
Will b a little late. Eman there le
I nt sure. Just not the zundian kind
Like me. Somemore I waited at wrong bus stop for  <#>  mins
Oh alright. Please pass it to anyone at home. Thanks.
oops i tink i got the wrong meaning of wat you intended to have... :P... sorrie for intruding and ignore all my sms... tata!
Lmao but its so fun...
No but I'm  cooking dinner
Sorry..my friend
Love u
Reaching home. You?
Hi tua have u had lunch-p
Yeah so I dun let you spend = save money! XD haha okay! I justbrought them to a shop and they very happy haha! The guy is damn good,one look can tell my bro's waist size!
Still waiting for her reply..
:( I wanna go. Take me
He safety wiring now.
Haha maybe he is having lesson... or hanky panky-ing in hostel lol
No messages ? Ok fine
Hahaha it's okay thank you! ~ hahaha I'll just sms them!
You still at grand prix?
Violyn can you intro.?
Single line with a big meaning::::: "Miss anything 4 ur "Best Life" but, don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt...
Wat
Aww babe :( eet weel be better soon!
As long as you try your best, others can only listen to fate liao......
Iiii think it's okay =o
Don no da:)whats you plan?
Hi can we confirm this week tuition to be on sunday  <#> pm?
Do you think we are able to catch the movie @  <DECIMAL>  cineleisure?
nope.we kinda distant.cya
Hi mike intro pls...my num is 98530912
Dammit bakamel. Was selling my mp3 player lol.
Nite nite Dar Dar. I love u so much. Kiss ur both cheeks. Mug mug
the readings required are Straub, MISQ, 1989 and Davis, MSIQ, 1989
Post! Okay, you're the best ^^
t have to go out today if you have a lot of work to do.  Can always go out some other time when you are feeling better and in the mood to do so..
Sleeping soon.. text a bit then I go sleep. A bit tired today, buthad a great time with weihao today hee.
Ok! Ending soon
Woot then I cannot book ticket rah! Where is ur passport!
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
Bring Quentyn and soda
sir ke pass ha
Aiya it's very obvious, since you reply like that also probably yes liao!
Wat the. I will nort run for sports day lols
Well mark how abt an intro
Meet you at where? I havent had lunch yet.
Y bitch?Dun dare reply?U,yun ur mum,all r bitch,ur dad of cos a bastard lah.U beta ask yun kol me,if nt..Haha.U all wan play,jz c.Bloody bitches
Haha chey. Good stalker instead eh. XD
Rofl you out already eh.
Esplanade... An italian restaurant... Just finished e cake.. Later wanna come fetch me?
Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight...
Happy 22nd birthday... May all ur wishes come true, stay pretty all time, successes in ur career, romances fall on u... Stay happy n enjoy ur birthday...
Over-a paesadha! Get it in the mrng!
Y? Msg me. datz enough..
S
Haha sometimes really cannot tahan but bo bian leh. Actually guys getabs very easy de so can't compare ha. You gonna sleep soon? My sisusing bathroom lor zzz
Babe, I'm back ... Come back to me ...
s life 4 u den...
Orh!! Then I go pl6 wait for u. Hee
Hmm because I wont be going down to astro next week too. Tuesday can eh.
Hey vik, we make it  <#>  so I can collect dinner and come
Goodmorning, Once the papers are ready call me sir.   鈥┾??㏑eg, 鈥㏒enthil.HSBC
yeah! Six thirty at t1, row five... You all check in first la... I got stuff at sch first then i come over...
I'm here already.
Go run after them and yell YOUR TIPS SUCK YOU CHEAP BITCHES! While shaking your fist.
Now having lesson how help
Emo. U all bought already ar? Buy for Joel den buy hk other things lo
Oh ya. Same to you too!
heard from yangzhong that  guardroom will  call up the  office and ask the office one
Tell me ya
can go buy dinner? :)
Then buy 2 days ar...
OK cool! Thanks!
1 cn easily understnd a child who is afraid of dark Da real tragedy of life is wen grown men n women r afraid of light gn - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Hey we go out eat. Rush west coast market aft training
Havent yet. I meeting the gls hopefully on friday.
Ya . Sound asleep must be veli tired
Yes! And dress up games and sooooo many cookies.. omg I'm so excited
=((( still. Arrgh neh mind. Faster settle le go home study.
Omg excited! Using lego and other comp from scratch
s yijue@hotmail.com
I prefer u to kiss me. Thursday bsh. After we settlw that, eat goodone for tiny celebration.
Today tho equal ayindi vallaki maku
Tml got. I think u can also hand in today if u in school now
He maybe joining us for supper.
t t e case? Did i mention t i going? But like t also not scolding u wat haiz...
I'm waiting to take a drug test right now. As soon as they get the results I can start. Probably Wednesday or Thursday
Monday night ok?
Dun have assembly!! Okay! I dun want to go training, ): its optionalbut I scared they give me the look haha... Today is pool slot haha!pool ends at 5 then got debrief afterwards! How I really don't want togo):
Oh OK. Later then :-) goodnight Shweta! :-*
Ya ok, then had dinner?
SORRY!!!!
Haha we are having mini lectures now. And yes together with my laptop lol.
Lol jerk
Now irfan.
Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
"
gtg.nice chatting wth u guys.hope we can b friends.sms ok? 0163564902.bye
Haha ear piece will cost about 5 dollars only.
Sunshine place ok? Where we met last time.
Lols alright!
Haha I intro-ing andy to work there.
Lol sj still sleeping
U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
Haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack
Dependent on money:)) everybody's dependent on money. Whachudoin?
No dead pixels. Alright let me know then -wei qi
Yea thanks Mr lee. I thinkin is rather relevant by far, with theworks I had done. I will consider it. Thanks a lot
K
haha
U online but no reply
Haiyo no worries someone will come:D haha you Ster my wife!
Wat the! Take vid of ya flips 2moro
Nvm take ur time.
Ok sweeeety!! Mugmug
Ahh I know lol. Like that if im the nominated one, walk pass also paiseh la.
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
U want to ask me anything? Cos I still in school now, going g to go off soon.
Hmmm.... I c how lor... Tmr den confirm again w u k...
Kk
Monday iam free..
Kk u all decided le then message me bah =)
Sorry pa, i dont knw who ru pa?
Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?
Yes please!!! (: (: where are you all going? Ohh
Onz!
Who all want od for carpe? Reply immediatly. Urgent..
m hungry buy smth home...
Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
have booked table at angel restaurant at faculty club. Meet at twelve noon at outside the restaurant.
Kisses back to u! Drinking healthy juice now hee
s bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
Yeap hahaha!! Woohoo prom tmr!!!
y study til so late? becos i took up ur daytime? i wan to do abit of my another proj first before i slp.. So not slpin yet..
Sorry about last night!
Lol OK
Yeap!
my meh meh thinking of me right.. make me sneeze. baa.. babaaaaaa...
Ok. .out where?is it possible for you to get somewhere quiet and isolated?is it a very good friend?
you still keen ?
So u still wan 2 cut ur hair at toni n guy?
yaar telecom peeche karwa... 8 to bohat door ha
U all now going??
Lol i think i'm a little tired; tried to go up a "down" escalator :/
Today got match? Where? Time? I think i can go..
Hmmm okay can. I think I can meet up with leeping. Okay for dinner!
I am fine
Reached the busstop at bishan already, on the way home
If baba is going 2 toilet at balamgoda, be careful. It'l be a lonly n dark place.
But got  <#>  teams can win le. Our group win how many tickets denthe rest date cost la
Bhai tune wo ebay pe dekha jo mangwana tha n 2 addres de jispe tu pr0duct mangwaega.. Abi msg pe bt kar bhai cal pe bt nai kr sakta..
Uuuuu! Naughty girl! Haha. Nite nite!
Ya la... Y...
Yeap!
I dunno. Auto-spell. Him.
<#>
Yea. Daddy left?
ok. 2 more stops. >_< .
Art
YOU CONE OVAH THEN
Oh no. Did any other grp apply so far?
Haha np I only signed up for you lah! (:
Ya eat le cai fan sob sobs sob... lol going in now! No din go teh T.T
Ok.. I am outside your lab.. Can you come out for a sec
Hee can can. Liiove u so much
Dar u reachsch alr? Nw waiting for bus
Yay k thks
I got class tmr..
Thanks!
Im at balestier already
t worry dear, just go and enjoy yourself first..take it as a break
Lol .. Hmmm ... When?
Can u cum in v vil take u inside d hostel rum d
YE TO APKI SADGI HA....PAPER PORA KAR KE BHI YE KEHNA KE NAI HOA
Carry on not disturbing both of you
It does!! I died during training oh goodness!
He knows i'm married to you on fb!! LOL
Haha got duty roster! Haha oh good then concentrate on your work!!Jyjy(: yeah haha I went to return him his jacket haha!
Haha wow so cute!! Paint a sun then put vivien's pic!!!
Lame dog! I got new training programme le nxt time show u. Can buff up
Bus
If u r still ard after 4... Thk u end at 2 rite...
U finding lim TT first?
Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
:o who's number is that hahaha
Yes, would you be free to come up around 4pm on Saturday?
=((( but did you include the time and venue for them?
Yo what's the status of Eric's project?  How long will it take?
goodbye..c u nxt tym
Bagwecha bajuchi room
Going back school now. Think about what you wanna do. We can go westcoast park if you want.
1. A5T2. 2. Alvin Chia Kian Wei. 3. Mechanical engineering. 4. Forsat, before  <#> pm, or after 2pm.
Yes definitely!
m lost! I cant find the classroom...
Ok!! Hmm.. u got ask EileeN to come?
Dear you at kranji or clementi?
When?...
busy talk to you later
K k:)shit
Take wat bus?  There
Gd mrnn. We need evry 1 2 b at church by sharp  <DECIMAL> PM. Sound chek is at 3. Pls inform evry 1 cus v hav  <#>  mins only 4 sound chek. God bless n tc.
Heyy sorry, can't make it for practice.. or meeting. Trip with Rohanplanned long ago. He is only here for a week...
Haha nope le. Ic taken.
Hee..else how to b ur wifey? ..later must stretch abit ok? Your neckbent whole day le. Tmr I shall come find u!! Then help u rub.
hee. take a gd rest my dearest boy! mugmug.
Eh u send wrongly lar...
lite nai ai
Lolyi. Hf
Not really they din provide a number for that...
Congratulations! for wining the prize
Haha shit u guess I'm not going today!
kar diys
acha g
Han bolton ka hai.
I ws in d church..,
the extended version damn nice
Onum ela pa. Normal than.
Oh so Friday okay?
I today going hostel put stuff ba
I think it starts at 9 but not sure when ruby wants us .-.
how was ur 3214? wat was ur grade?
=D
Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
Lol Bo liao.aiya got lecture there jiu correct le.haha.
Huh... How come not goin... So sad...
Yup I just had dinner.
How? For wat de
Can I meet you this friday?
Oh ya wt hair short rite. Take vid!
My advise to u is to leave lost and finish dex .caus its short. Bcz i c dat u r getn bord wid lost
Oh okay.
Lols k
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
LOL kia si nang!
Phuakatru
I not sure tts why wanna ask u!
Aww u tell such sweet lies :)
Haha but if they are annoying you, you could annoy them back!:D abouthow much does a meal there cost? Haha is it nice to eat? Why is shenot graceful! Hahaha turns out my grandma not cooking, so I have tobuy dinner for everyone!
OH HEY WE CAN GO TMR!!
we are just having a meeting to properly introduce each other andalso tell them the schedule.
I think I got texts out of order because I'm confused lol
VERY GOOD HAHAHA
If u manage to smile at any situation u r the winner of highest number of hearts.
Lol see ivle all day not sian meh. Anyway I created one like you suggested.
Ok. So wat's happenin
Please book courts
Pig ~ coming by mrt or bus? Where should I wait for you?
Hahas k thks! I jus abit Sianz at failing too mch tings
Dear i am having food
Ok! I want??
Sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe
Hmmm... Ok lor, thurs rest... Fri can go kickboxin though...
Wru
Take food as u nd enrgy in evening to take tooth.
Good morning to you!
Eating lunch with ryan now! We might be late haha x.x
Okay noted. Yes I know but i nvr print becoz i didn't on com in emorning. Haha.
Yea take care man. Dun overtrain!
Hmm can't really remember lol... something sweet I think.
Happy birthday! :D
Okie same to me lol... haha scare wat! U can kung fu it! Lol
Coming! ^^
Haha. I don't think i'll mind either one. C1 mon  <#> ? But the restshld be fine as well.
Is it gonna be 3d
I am ond way
hi! this wed  <DECIMAL>  to 4pm appointment with dr teo?
Yea printed le. U nid print le
Ur 3a like wrong le
Am sitting outside lift on level 1
okie okie!will call u when its ready...recommend 2 ur frens also k?support support.
Okay!
han..sir ne mark karwai thi
It does!!!!
Hey john i've arrived.
If Eric calls, don't pick up.
Thanks alot. Today looking at so many people back really touched myheart, because astro is a platform that we could gather and enjoy thememories.
Its in your inbox.
merry christmas
Can we eat seoul garden on sunday?
Chilling, sup?
Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
Ü eat so much already... Still eat... Hai. Got put on weight? revision any time? Not follow the time table meh
Hee. Half of which is due to an exceptional baobei. I love u so muchbb. Next time entertain u somemore.
Haha so change the "you go and die la" to "you strike toto jackpotla" okay? :D
What time is the show?
Dear Customer,Someone is trying to add card ending  <#>  on mChek. If you believe the card might be used by someone else,please notify your bank.
Hmmm... K lor...dun mind...
Ya use that one shld be quite fast arh
Mere bina hi shadi kr li na tune.
Also where's the piece
What
Okok
Andrew I am going to see a doctor now. Where r u now?
Oh no, im forget.
Sare aduko
Dunno leh... Ur feel lk eatin wat?Hmmm, geylang? Can eat beef kway teow and frog porridge...
Okok msg me
Im on my way. What you want.
Yao siew... Yourong la.haha.u shd totally update ur contacts in ur fone.lol.
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
Good!
Dearie!! On  <#>  le. Muacks! Get home safe ah! I'm so happy to have u. Hee.
Tv queen... Ü got record hai2 you3 ming2 tian1...
I see. You arent in hostel? Then why didnt you move out?
Then. You are eldest know.
Bro, i got something urgent, if u don call back u gana not like the outcome...
always be happy
Haha are you still up? Omg sorry! I fell asleep >< haha I was waitingfor abbie so we can watch date night but in the end she went to watchfirst haha:/ ooo thanks for the links! I shall open in awhile (:
Ohh ok then! Sorry haha I'm out so can only just nice reach later x.x!
Lol okay.
Okay see u.
Bhai bhejo apka acnt nmbr
Uh huh
Yeah, I don't wanna make you stop your game haha
m not free at night. Any objections?
Go and fetch mom, call mom now
Red cross camp.. They dun haf enough ppl so i came back to help.. U all still tokking ah? I met ur fren jocelyn jus now n spoke to her hee
Sure, no problem. :-)  happy to help.  We are slated to more outright before the rental period expires, but would definitelyappreciate if Desmond can give us some leeway for moving out at apro-rated rate, if we need to extend due to renovation delays.  Itwould certainly make our move to the new place less stressful.Thanks!
Hee ok dear. Its wonderful to have u sweety
Yupz... Can walk from tanjong pagar station... But i dunno how to tell u how to walk from there...
Where?
jamaica 8/11 2000Y B53 52 Ms Chiam 11 11 4 2.11.1 (444) N 1 1. Tomorrow 2200 same class B53 drop weight 51.5 carry so light body weight 444 good f long distance
Haha how come rather go there! Okay bah we go wcp then! Can eat soyabean ice cream another day!
JUST TALK TO HIMMMM
Enjoy d destruction of world together.
Airtel
Okay!
How 2 go 2 durdans. Yaso has gone out. Can v walk?
Aa rhe hai
K.:)k.
Dude im no longer a pisces. Im an aquarius now.
Just wake up andy. Can you change my slots?
Haha hao de! Lol I very tempted to buy the coconut jelly! Hmmm helpme buy a small one! Lol...
you guys....
Hey enduku matladadu emindi?
ll tell her later. Tmr i shld be working in e morining. Anyway i dun even noe e time, e place.
Okok. I go do some work first. Nite nite. U rest early!
Hahaha that's really silly
What celeb? O.o I went out with ryan!
Haha wow so 用功 eh. Can I request my koi to be treated tmr? :-D
re back
Can you open the door?
Please give money  to my momy鈥〣y raja
u go home alteady?
Yup. No problem :-D
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Oh.... Then must tell me as soon it is ready k? I develop my photos already...
It totally died?
Hee. Me too me too!! It was so comfortable with you holding me inyour arms. I can't wait to hold u everyday. :*:* xoxo:-)
Think and reflect man.
SAME HAHA. WHERE IS WEIREN WHEN YOU NEED HIM.
long time no see
ahh
I need one help da:)
suna ko tum logon ko koi sawal pata chale hain
Thank u!
Awesome haha! Haha ooo yay! ((: aft two years everything will just bedamn awesome! Hahaha i'm not going to have dinner until earliest  <#>I think!
Me too.
Do wat? Dont do lah come me haha... 3 ppl v weird leh. Both of u 2 gd or bored, why u all go pai tuo ask me go.
Nw u hav mry xmas..
Hi,I am not feeling well and having headache also. So, will not able to come.Pls pardon me for this.Regards,Ankit Kumar
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
It's ok. Hope u had a good time with ur friends. But remember to doyour revision. :)
BABIES ARE EASY TO MAKE, HARD TO DELIVER.
t be late
I see xPD= apparently there's a comedy show.....and you have to be eighteen
m watching tv at home. How come u bored dun u haf things 2 do in office?
hee. gd gd. go do whatever u need to do.. take a rest, massage urmama, do ur coding... rem to drink water! mugs.
hmm.. which part u prefer? btw u can see the things i added in dropbox.
Sinchi rest for one week. but Yong Lions just come back from oversea. the team will be tire. sinchi fast and rude. Small boy scare .SINCHI WON 4-1
Aiya. Dardar I just realised that u naughty forget to take back the containers
A lot of people get CHOCOLATE on Valentine's day.....  including you
You around?
K
Kal aaega kya khelne janta me?
Oh shit.. They will come right? Because I brought lots of things to be put in the fridge..
"Within every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
Dunno ehh:P not really concerned XD I think they are an odd pair anyway!
good morning my team mates, be positive later when taking calls.. see yah!!
Congratulations you have won
If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
To bhai maya mandir jada dur th0di na he mayo c0lg se.. Tu bs ghar pahuch kar b0lkar nikal jaiyo.. Yaar me just taiyaar h0kar nikal raha tha ki c0usin ake b0la use gadi chahye.. Bhai dekh le agr ho sake to.. Jada f0rce nai karunga
Yeah
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
K.cya darling...
hi jatin take your parcel from me
K de. If ill be there in online surly ill disturb you so i slept early.
First time at sde!
Irp you mean. Picked truman.
Thought u going, u got something on that day?
Where?
Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
NO
Come sch oledi? Got bring my stuff or nt?
Okay! Ciao!
hehe. not stalker la!
Lol i pass by that whenever i go mrt whoops
Woo I dunno my way around pgp 1 leh...
Ohh okay:D thanks:D I was about to sleep in the canteen.
Wat u want me to do?
Okay! I will watch in hostel then can vent anger. But now can't throwle I tink. During boarding assembly it was brought up
There?
I sent them. Do you like?
Call
Yeah, we got one lined up for us
GD GD. Go take a rest n ur Med. :-)
No
Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
Haha I did sleep! Before we started playing :P Haha you don't usuallyturn the aircon on right! Chinese got new zuowen today): haha it'sokay lah:) haha go rest! I also not feeling too good haha :x andsomemore vivien and I rammed into each other during pe, now mycheekbone hurts! ><
Nobody told me anything too. It's just my guess
Hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today
Lol no la! Hahahaha i think she didnt receive the message.
I got a new pc
My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
Pls give 1st reading for this sunay
Are majak tha aa raha hun
So you coming?
Ohh okay>< I saw your post it>< my condolences!
Hey thanks Ziyang! Best wishes to you as well.. :-)
Oh shit! i also playing! Zzz I 2moro go borrow le
Rihana wats my name got  <#> , <#> , <#>  views on youtube!
Thanks......
K thks
Hi Andreu,good morning! Where r u? Why no response? May God bles u
Okkkk I end at 5 too
Haha yeah that one!! Ehh omg no no haha yuhan or nia should do!Hahaha oh my what a fan hahaha! Np ~
Hee bblg where u
Anyway, gaowei'a birthday is  <#> th jan leh so are we eating also? Haha.
I thought slide is enough.
Lol watching show eh.
It's in Dothraki xD but I said what the bottom translates to
How's she doing?
Ward  <#>  bed  <#>
5.00 PM, don foerget
Hi Andreu, good morning!Have u bout trousers? Cash I can send. Let me kno early. May God bles u.
Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Yeap! Pigging!
K. Laogong at sembawang. Muuacks
Okie... scarly u arrive first arh lol... ic... I think he shld be going bah
Enna da panra?
Yeah ohh no! This shall be the only time I do a ryan!
I think so. My junior collating the names already.
You wan eat lunch now
Haha no la! I asked whether I can take! Haha ohh no later got fartlegagain my goodness. just die!! Sleep sleep!
That's true. That's half the point haha
Oh but I see you have created one lol
Hee.  Orh! At cck ar?
Good day to You too.Pray for me.Remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.
Woo okay. Haha I see if I can find anot.
Safra la
K I'm here
ok lar,if u want i share tat one lor,pouch i keep myself.
Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
Hey dun need to meet me at bishan. I come pick u. I will tell xy.
Der
tell u go away, jun hao tell u traitor go away.
Hmm I dont know leh.
Yeah I have.  <#>
Hahaha no problem :-D
how is ur mum?
Yes
Set a
t make it there at 1pm. Can I meet u at 1.30pm instead? So sorry for the last min change..
Macs what. No appetite also can eat de ma. Haha! I got free coke sia.
Haha okay^^ have a safe trip home! I'll reply you later (:
Ohh o.o so hmm I bring court shoes along should be fine right!
Haha oops I took my time! The water just too damn shiok! XD haha yeahI still can't call myself ._. Coming online soon! Or are you going tosleep?
I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
Psh nah I don't write about people with real problems!
Phuket
It's like when I go to autozone. They expect me to be dumb.
Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
Call u later
ll do it for u..
Hey u free from 4 onwards? I can go find u lor...
Yup
Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you
Oh can pass the  <#>  bucks to Sophie btw? Thanks!
Nup i hvn told
lnlmusicwfnu9p4q
Come out of ur rum
Hahahaha. Wtf .1 num
Cant lor... Today bz... U wana go town 4 wat...
Yup you want email
Haha...i tot was suppose to be at night...ok then i set lor...howdoes 4pm sounds?...we can go makan dinner and carry on again if needbe...a laptop available would be nice...u sissor paper stone with pksee whu bring lor...
Ya lor. Ask u wan meet or NT haha
Hmm. . Oh ya. dun forget need to talk about the difference that uwill see in industrial ice fabrication plant..
Hmm i really dunno wat ü want... Make it more explicit can? ;p hiya... its my pleasure to see ü off anyways ü
Math assignment?
Kashmir wala long ques phr bhj gum gya ha
Tell me ya
Thks andrew.Aunty said she wl cme i cn manage. *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
I cant la, my tuition just finished. Nvm I just go down myself. Nextfew days most likely like last week la.
m still on my way... U nt rushin 4 time r u...
Hee. Baobao u la. How was the presentation?
u slp le?
I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
how about u?
AT THE LAST TWO QUESTIONS LOL. I WILL CLOSE MY EYES AND WRITE, THENWHEN I WAKE UP I REALIZE THE INDIVIDUAL WORDS ARE LEGIBLE BUT DOES NOTMAKE SENSE. I AM GOING TO BATHE THEN SLEEP HAHAHA PANTRY SUPPLIES ONEBOX GONE ALREADY
Hi! sorry! I haven't been to fb coz i'm having exams. Sorry I forgot!I will let you know when I've transferred!!
Lol alright
Ok! Thanks!
En chellam s 5n!
Oh okay. Wat time going back
Wow so fast!
But they setting up the exam hall. So chairs are drag. If u scarenoisy theb better don't come. Haha.
Also dont have =(
ppl like koh thiam hock they all also come back visit us
Lols! Imma coming at  <DECIMAL> . Can Kimberly wait?
No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
rest well..Take care
Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly
subha ana ha?
I got sm wrk here. Gona do dat. Hop u vl msg me latr. K.. Bye. Tak care.
formal? Hm. Where ü hear from? Oh no! Mon i got tuition... Do you know whats the plan for the day?
Hi! I am vijay the robot鈥┾??㏒peed -1 KB/s鈥㎝emory- 2 KB鈥℡anaku yella andhra heroes oda hit padam remake panna programme seiya pattruku 鈥㏒pecial skills:-鈥﹍ong jump (kuruvi),鈥﹌abadi comedy (gilli)鈥゛thlete(atm)鈥┾??㏑ecords-  <#>  flops out of  <#>  films鈥┾??㎝anushan padach
Only bench. Now whole body dam weak
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Clearly, they're retarded. The taser dudes didn't just take down thefive year olds
Don't tbink he us there
Good morning! or not? haha.
Okay!
Im bored!!! Today was not well spent.
Door
Wanna see Gatsby tomorrow?
Sj nvr reply me like usual...
Okay.
Havng fud
long time no see
Going for the meeting tmr?
Alright coming
Hmm tmr evening abt five plus?
When do u need ur cadding to be finish?...
Hah if run away then no need do lo.
proj management u taking wif ly?
Are you in hostel?
Hahahahahahahh
NO NO I WASN'T TALKING TO HER LOL I WAS DOING THE CROSS STITCH THING!
Ok da. Thx.
Hahahaha.the <#> companies sounds alot too.lol I think u din see me cos I was at the last row.haha.not ur eyesight.lol.oh ok I wan to find internship too but during the holidays.wat company u applied for?
Ys now. Maybe I later go myself
Yeap.
Ok.
How's work?
Jaldi aa
Nope... took a break for a few days... hehe :)
Hmm..it's  <#>  m from boonlay mrt. Can walk or take bus  <#> . 6min walk BA..
In work what's up?
Ya la ya la
What time u intend to go? I scare alot of ppl leh.
Not digital ar?
Why you lol me? I used to have long nails too!
Haha okay!
Haha got a lot of affairs! Just that you didn't know;) no la haha i'mnot actually with him! We're just scamming people XD
Lol.we dun have other choice liao oso.if he still say not enuff oso dunno how sia.
Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
I dun haf lessons tmr..How abt on tues?
It's ok I'm caught in the rain too! Hahaha x.x
hmm.. she felt aggrieved?
Okay
This is a killer pj..! Mera Dil Tod Kr Tum Ne Pahuchai Dil Ko Thes Mera Dil Tod Kr Tum Ne Pahuchai Dil Ko Thes Tan theta is equal to Perpendicular Upon Base""
I cnt spk wid u prprly as im in jithins hws...
Haiz sad ah.  I think I gotta wear the 2 tee shirts.
S <#> e
Ahh sorry! I don't think I can finish it, can you summarise your partinstead? Maybe can remove some case studies? and shunbian put in aconclusion, my internet connection is super shaky now I can't emailanything out! And my phone also damn problematic ._.
Ok np (: sorry!!
So early go back hotel? Never go out walk walk, enjoy e cooling weather.
Then after that? We move again ah?
I dance la, bt will b too tired to dance liao... But i oso dunno ur frens ma, hard to chap ard...
Yeah haha
Hey, how's it going ?
s frm sci anyway... Juz read ur mail, so do u have any activities tonite?
Haha is 2 way mah I also ting ni de hua~~~ wa so good! Nomnomnom!Then studying now?
aathi..sleeping?
Hey, i'm now on my way to sch ar, i scare sylvia doesn't know theurls for ssl. Maybe can help her to reply xy? I see it as logon,logoff and createcredit. Are they?
LOL I drop my phone into the gap between my mattress and my bro's bedto often to dare to put it next to me when I sleep heehee!
Oh no!
yeiyei!!! u haf been mussed! hee. drink more water~
Yea fking serious come if u want
Yea. Yuhui paying paypal in euro. Den we pay him in sgd lor.
Wah ocs visit quite fun leh
Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
Oh okay thks!
Sorry im eating at granny's house. Try finding xt.
What's new?
Yes boss.. Then let me know whether meeting before or after dinner for tomolo..
Rocketer got only 5, <#> , <#>  views
Our IT proj management is grp 8. Rmb to go amd sign up in ivle.
Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
Kya bnau bro.. Ph0ne ya budhu?.. Btw jaipur he na ajkal?..:-D
I just go in to check on u..
Hi <name> , i'm <name> . my email is  <EMAIL>  . :-)  maybe u cansend me the links of ur competitor's sites to take a look. :-)
Just now saw your message.it k da:)
K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
hey i got an idea! why dun you bring a bottle of red wine instead for tomorrow?
U mean  <#> ? Lols other subjects no hmwk?
I'm in Harvey Norman
ve to walk back again? Then we take 147 home izzit?
do it now and txt me..
Near entrance
Ooo ok!
I dun get it >< you're at chalet! You can dun reply if you fun want to!
Cus I tot no one go then sj nt sure going not cus got arp Lo. I tinkwe shld b going at nite la
Wake up already. Now still lying on my bed.
Orh okay! (:
Oh what the I just got your reply! Haha yeah omg apparently he notgoing to study:/
=D aww your so sweet. Now let's get some popcorn and watch a movie. It's your turn to pick.
ll be late for dance
I didn't get the call. Yes, I'm almost there actually
Hey i am still having breakfast eh. If you reach there first can help rebecca and me chope seats?
Was that it?
Okay.
Not tt song. Anyway today all my friends didnt come. Pao qi wo. I 1 person come? What a day. Should buy TOTO.
Yes:-)
Im going round the loft.
Lols the trail is impossible to ride de. I keep spamming break or getoff to push. U see 2moro den understand le lols
Im leo. Haha
Ohh damn! Coz that guy keep going off to check someone else! I checked out le!
Anjappar
I would, but the buses =/
Okie, see ya later
hee. ok, steady! i go do my work first ok.
Where u
Haven yet. Tmr then eat. Hehe. Thank you mama
Hiya, low batt :) your bus trip sounds kinda interesting... is it a single event or wat?
ve been usin it since last dec leh...
Yea lols cya
I am in front of your lab
Haha u sure can or not  <#>  leh! U sure will be tempted to.buy clothes one lo
K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
Oh I fell asleep!
Panni
Hey I be at ucc at  <#> . Is that OK?
haha.. next time we spread rumors.. say we do programming project until stress liao..
I don't care how attractive you think you are
Oe aaj to chlsea ka b hai
Should be tonight I believe. Unsure. 歆� 鞎堨潉瓴岇殧 means won't or what?
成功来自勤奋 hahaha omg yay thanks I love you HAHA. What is his Chinesename btw lol!
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
You want to real steel tmr, it should be free,  but the catch is mustwatch with  <#>  girls
Ok give me 15mins
choose a colour... Just some silly test la...
Haha okay good good(: haha coz I was sleeping when they went! haha Ithought it's like  <#>  a night or sth?? No haha I didn't join! I wassleeping! Hahaha it's okay takes super long to come here leh! And ifweiren sees he'll know haha>< oh no we played pig and I died):
m going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
How much is the copy?
Backgrd I just putting in the various issues that are possible.Haven't say what to focus on.. actually the 2 issues I raised is justto ask generally what Constitutes an issue.. maybe u just do theresearch on the international standards available? We can use forsolutions
Mummy dun want tour lehs..
Bblp reaching northpt in 5 min
I come n pick ü up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
Nope...Nt really
Hahas! Till when?
Ahaa. Opppps. No wondrr like forget to bring dong dong
Nus exams u <#> l  <#>
Bilour got sasta?
Comets and meteor hitting earth? Idk lols
We are supposed to meet to discuss abt our trip... Thought xuhui told you? In the afternoon. Thought we can go for lesson after that
Yay! Thanks a lot btw
Ok,then it'l b nearly 2,4 u 2 b here. May God bles u
Hurry
I'm not going... Got chalet! When is it next week?
Thk in e afternoon lor... Hiya...
LOL WHAT. Hahaha SHUFFLE SLO-MO!!! ryan says he needs to talk to you,are you online?
Lol! You okay or not? Shall we postpone then?
How
Yay! Kiss kiss u!
Lol so excitin siah! Eh i am so sorry about the ktv leh...feel kind of bad!
Yeap! Are you going by yourself? you want me ask my dad whether can tompang?
U should make a fb list
Hi Chikku, send some nice msgs
Waa shitz. K thks
Nw dnt msg
Okay its fine
I'm on my way right now.
LOL. Spencer was so waste time can LOL. heehee we are not together oranything yet though!
Hapy diwali br0
A raindrop may look too small,but somewhere a thirsty flower awaits its fall. An sms seems too small,but a sending heart always remembers U a lot. Gud afternun
s why...
ll meet him very often one... Gee, someones gettin hitched on wo...
Able to give it to me on monday?
'Do Not Postpone Today's Work For Tomorrow..鈥??.鈥┾????.鈥┾????.鈥┾????.鈥┾????.鈥︰ Can Also Do It Day After 2mrw..鈥┾??〦njoy Life!!鈥┾??〣e lazy,   Think crazy..:-)鈥┾??﹉a ha ha ha ha.....
jin, did you guys manage to present to the class?  I saw it was movedto nmrc.  I didn't pass this info on to you yesterday,  that was myfault. :-(
Heehee :DD Yup yup LOL.
have you finished your task..
Ok I got the buffalo to work. Didn't plug in wire properly soadditional pins for usb3 weren't detected so it was detected as usb2.Speed also funny leh. Both  <DECIMAL>  and  <DECIMAL>  fasteststagnant speed is  <#> , but they are mostly at  <#>  most of thetime.
becuz u said u slept too much mah....
Haha dunno if I wanna eat lunch! Haha can I guess! But dunno if got alot of people there studying!
Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack
Graded task on whole of chapter1?
What?
At station control :-)
Haha we played against junior guys, then aft that play 5 on 5 then Ihad to play again -fainted-
Eh u go wear uniform den can get ticks to watch turn left turn right...
Pls reply if u seen my msg.
One*
Hey can you call ASAP? Urgent
I am sorry I am unable to pick up your call now. what is it regarding? Can I call you back pls?
It's not really dark until like  <#>
Hmm like very lazy eh. Wanna slack at home.
Didi mahesh se rechrg kara na
Eh can! Shaohao ordering food at nite so we jus go Spencer hse lo
ll keep in contact. Boo...
In pradeep room only.
Haha ummm okayy lol that's why so many girls are hooked by him?
Hello! I went to the gym and just got out of the shower!
Dear Sir, I'm sorry, I'll not present in the meeting tomorrow because I have an appointment with doctors.
Haha true T.T
Lol dun want lah quite ma fan
I see first ba.
And I've been great!
Lidat still need to go all the way back home, bath, dress up and gowith mother leh. Morning I probably 'running my car' at your duck tourarea also.
Ok. Got any preference where 2 go?
No. Thank you. You've been wonderful
Aru lawn d!
P.s.roy-natural disastr nd dr mitigatn,publirshd by iirs
Ok no prob...
ok..
Eh June holiday like no course for muay Thai le!
Have a good day
Jyjy!! Haha yeah alone! Just listening to cars pass haha!
Kabhi kabhi Tu bhut rude ho jati hai. Bhut hurt hota hai. Tu waisa soch aur bol kaise deti hai.
I guess she will be earlier than us.
Okay set!
Morning kisses for my wonderful wonderful boy! DingdingDadingding!!~<3<3<3<3<3<3
Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
kasi film ha? hero koun ha?
Lol... Dun be like that. Lets pray that this sem will be a smooth one!
Welcome
Must follow the guy!
Sweety, thks for being with me today. So happy. Get home safe bblp. Ilove u much much.
Post! RUE NO FLIRTING WITH YOUR FATHER
..!..
Yunny help me chop seat as usual k...Thx =)
Ok, will drop u an email. Nope, tts nt my msn email but I don't logon to msn a lot. My msn enabled address is <EMAIL>
Send me your resume:-)
Cool. I ll be around r3 lounge.. cya :-)
I dun have shorts longer than the ones I usually wear): is that tooshort? Hmm? Death waltz and uhh crap I forgot the other. Some un Owenwas her? Haha not too sure! It's synthesia!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
If got time then come up awhile bah! I dun want to reach lakeside soearly haha:P
Nite has end for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
What time? Haha I need to go home by 1!
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
Halo Brother. Really wanted to meet you. Feel free to suggest a date. Good day.
Do u have the loft address? Cause later my dad fetching,me back to np.
Haha no lah u my gf mah treat u movie cannot meh lol... lol no worryI now in school copying answer from Marcus the tutorial I miss outhaha.. nuuuu jian fei lol... I fat fat!
Mr lee is the art room open now?
hee. gd gd. dar reach home le ma? rem to eat the nuggets!
Lol then go cut it :-) what's wrong with wavy hair?
Hey love
How are you after one crazy night?
windows ke liye sirf allinone hi ha
ok
I am going out for the movie will be late..
He changed recently and i dont hve it . . . I just asked Surbi she is not repl . . . I think she s gone 4 Ncc . . After she comes il send it
Rofl wanna ask fujitsu guy help you see?
Y don want sorry
am interested in going out tonight.  say to chinatown/raffles?  any objections?
Where r u gals? Im on bus,almost there already...
Really! Set not?
Bring ma pdc record d
3   min  train
Ok!
I on my way will be on bike on the expressway, where do u want me tostop by? I in school now. Is cake on a bike safe for the cake?
hi
Jani na re
Haha...i so gan dong leh u save my bday in ur hp?...lolz...thanx a lot...
I dont have i shall buy one dear
So tomorrow u wat time going?
Hello people so is tomorrow afternoon meeting confirmed. Let me know pls. Was thinking we go esplanade for coffee at three pm. Is that ok... Elaine
But you dint in touch with me.
Bring the stuffs!
Hardeep Bhardwaj, Beside- c/o dulurani viswas, Shubha STD PCO, Gudyari road kota, Raipur-  <#>  Chattisgarh, India
WAIT SO WERE WE SUPPOSED TO EAT LUNCH FIRST WHEN WE MEET OR EAT LUNCHFIRST BEFORE WE MEET LOL!
s a soc summer camp...Ur jie jie going?
Take care of your health
Be good today!  Loving you.
Happy bda brothr.Hv a nice da *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Slippers. Bobian
So U didn't attend the lecture?
I went to fetch my dad ps
U haven't edit the ssb report yet right? Can i amend abit then sendto u by tonight?
Good NiteY.. SwEeT dreaMs..  miZ YoU, n Take Care! ... Josh  ;)
Hey darl... Din kiss me gdbye... Haha... We went to pub n tok... Too bad u not here..
Tmr is meet <#> rite???
haha... U wana cut hair? Wawa doin her hair there...
Lols where gym? I go once a week at hostel de. Yea tis year laugh somuch a little and come out
Haha dun tell you! Haha sleep soon! Go when you wake up? Janice saynvm she'll donate another day! No one coz I never jio!
Good boy! take a good rest k. i looking at our timetables.. hee
Leaving hostel now.
c u later
happy bithday
hotmail.com
Anna wil give the time n place where we'l be joing him. So have a nice time with anna n them. May God bles u al. Good nite.
Haha yea I only just changed it :P oh I was carrying three! Sophiegan and friend's bags! And mine! Hahaha you mean during lesson??? Whatthe!!!!
SHIV ki jyoti se noor milta hai sabke dilon ko suroor milta hai, jo bhi jaata hai BHOLEY ke dwaar, kuch na kuch zaroor milta hai . Happy Mahashivratri.
Okay (: (:!
Hello boytoy ! Geeee ... I'm missing you today. I like to send you a tm and remind you I'm thinking of you ... And you are loved ... *loving kiss*
In meeting nw. Cl u later.
Hey hey.. u haven submitted the report online? Remember to do it work..
Where are you all now? Later we eating dinner together?
Yeah, current plan to have it on march.
Ooo. I in nus nw..
Wat happened
Come to dr 6
Hmm.. so u both want to go out?
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Dear all, as we know  <#> th is the  <#> th birthday of our loving Gopalettan. We are planning to give a small gift on that day. Those who like to participate in that you are welcome. Please contact our admin team for more details
I am the office.await your faster arrival.lets plan
Yea they went there from promenade. Usb3 nowhere near  <#> times la.<DECIMAL> in was abt  <DECIMAL> times.
Today is land training!
I will once i get home
Lol lihai. I no sch today. Later I go your house transfer.
Ok i let u noe tmr, concentrate on ur paper first k.
t forget to go home for the repair man.
Reach le
Do you know what huiqi is covering?
Hahaha I wish I could do that too! Sadly my class is notairconditioned! Hahaha so shiok sia slack! Hahaha I WON'T BOW TO YOULOL!!!!!! Hahaha ooo cool! Haha I don't ah, my usual seat now is 2tables away from curtains!
Yaaa..
Lol monster.ok ok then meet another time.
Go with her:D haha she never reply how! I suspect she'll be late lor!
Sig! How long ll you be there?
Hahaha dont scared la haha show only.
Hey... So tonite still meetin...
U working ah? So when u free to meet up with e rest?
m free... But not too early...
Nv tell.lol.eh u check results liao not sia.lol.I 8+ received SMS already.
Current came?
i bluff u one lah. :)
5pm for dinner. :-D
Po idiot i already told u in phone many tyms wen ur in rum only
But its primary alc le
Konichiwa, how r u? wat r u doing?
ll consider if i still wan e charles n keith.
Later meet 2pm. Okay? Mong sim coming along?
Till now,bonnie and her grandma and emily are witches. More vampires to come afterwards. Yeah had breakfast. Watching House :))
Wah so early ah. So wat u had for lunch?
hmm ..so early. my lesson end after 7.. dun think will go ys.hahaz
Okay (: I have to leave but there's people in the council room,Justin will return you the money (:
我想应该可以，明天下午一点半在staff room外面见你，可以吗？
Nub!
Mhmm!!!
<#>
Studying lol
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
Getting ready,,
Haha thanks! Cannot I say u cannot go out without me =p... haha okarh just that I tink they twist the plot too fast le shld wait tillmaybe he compete with him after that then he become good guy...
You want 2pc chicken instead KFC
Smh.
Love you baby...
Ya,just
Can one of you please please call the bug people? I'm in class andwork all day and usually am  <#>
My birthday is on feb  <#>  da. .
Hmm yes. I went through all the resumes. The yellow ones aredefinitely better suited. But If you feel  some reds are good, pleasego ahead. We ll get a better idea at the interview :-)
Wah okay okay! We reaching soon!
s in law.. At somerset rouge.. U wan? Hee
My school friend
Hey weeyin, can I see you on this friday for activity?
wah.. tok abt work then no reply liao.. k lah, anytime wanna meet jus to la kopi, call me...
Hey if possible, can reach earlier? Cause lyn reached le. Haha
Ooh nice st pattys day outfit!
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Quite wat... Last time always tok to u one... Only now seldom liao mah...
Go cally house and take. :-D
s ur new year? I jus came back yesterday...
You learn log function already?Log both sides, bring down the powers, put x as subject?
Haha. Orh.. bus should come soon dear.. cone safely hor!!
m baking cookies now... You prepare the jar okay?
Hows yo cave
hello, do u wantto sell the book ?
Bukit gombak
K.
Lta eday buy  <#>
He he...
K d 5min
<#> !
Can u do dis r nt
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
Hey machan, did you have time to go through the nominee directorlinks I sent you?
.... I tahan so long in aircon room. Now dam sleepy le
U wan come ar? Set!
Yup. I pick u ard 830. Call u when i leave.
Sorry, meant to say that I cant make it today because my child issick.  Please go ahead and meet if possible, but I will try to talk toover email later. Sorry!
Most likely going
Kfc
Yeah finished bathing. Gotta go down soon liao.
Glad to hear you are coping fine in uni... So, wat interview did you go to? How did it go?
Initially lynette has camp discussion, but she cant make it tonight.
do u think that any girl will propose u today by seing ur bloody funky shit fucking face...............asssssholeeee................
Come to fara!
u?
re welcome... Caught u using broken english again...
Nai bhai.. N0bdy wld c0me wid me xcpt jitesh.. Do thy hv h0liday t0mrw?
Found it, ENC  <#> , where you at?
Ok,thanks.so we'll be using ya laptop.i'll inform e rest.:)
Nw n hme
maybe u come at 12pm.in tat way i have ample time for you.see you!
Rly? I tot postponed till 3 pm
Aight haha
m tryin to get a job tt starts work in e evenin lor... Din get a 4 gp den cant retake meh?
Hee!! Lg so happy too. Miss u too. Tml can see u le lp
frightened, please come to my home quickly.
s 35...
Lol dammit same lecturer. Which tut slot u taking?
I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite...
He say if you go go he go. Haha
WAKE UP ROAR HAHAHA (:
Thks!
Hrrm but zhu chuan isn't here it's just #miko irl
Well I'm about to go binge on <#> pounds of chocolate. Wanna join?
Probably around $ <#>  to $  <#>
Haha why you need?
F361003 py. hey can help me check this model of asics shoe?
Amber feed bandit!
thanks for your wishes.
K y u told lyk dat
Ehhh I haven't reach. At thomson with no umbrella to get to bus stop. Fml lol.
m walkin to e bus stop now...
Haha okay! Nope not Nobel! Year 5 sc! Haven't end): coz selection meeting now!
Guitar/reading/tired.. can we maybe call? XP
S s:-)
Hey can you bring you negatives tmr for me?
Nope we were walking to bus stop then met him at canteen so chatlor!! Hahaha nope going home probably! Hahaha starve for the next fewdays!!!! I showed you the pics before rmb!!
dear.. im gonna slp le.. u slp early too k . Good nite :) *hugz*hugz*
ok bye gn ani thanks ha
Eventually xP
s vv messy...
Not onlineeeeeeeeer!
Tell me when u on the car? I juz left ys mrt
Cse r It
Omg hahaha SORRY!!!
Hi Yeng Chin, ill get back to you on it. Need to check myavailability first. Thanks.
What's up
Yay! One more stop to yishun. Kisses
Deckie oso not in yet... Finally quit ur waiter job ah, muz b too tiring rite... Go job agency la, easier...
I would be having my exam on sat
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Hmmm... Depends lor... Usually ard 2 3 lk tt...
Yay thks
Ahha you too drunken pig... all the best for your  <#>  mcs!
=( =( but we could go to peking!
I went back sch 1st lols. U won anything?!
Ok im going back
Gay dog
Drosselmeyer says Fakir loss like him when he was young!
t dl leh?
I dowan our batch to help, its not just abt the work. Like I said,the way they treat us is not worth our effort to make the car better.If he insist on it, my stand is simple, either their batch go dosomething abt it on their own, or nothing is going to be done abt it.Gautham, I'm sending this to u too as I dowan bernard to be themiddleman. If u find this unreasonable, pls find bernard and take alook at the previous msg I've send if u haven.
Yeah she took it previously. But she passed le.
noo they will give us training tats it..
Bought pendrive de...copied:(will give u aft de:(actually my sim blocked so could not reply:(unna
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Sure, wherever you eat, get me some
Okie I wait for u at  <#>  there
Am in r6 lounge.. come over when you are back
Oh oh okay.
Yay!
Wait...what time do you end? Maybe can even have dinner
ll go take again... Cant stand it...
Haha not hungry ah! I'm only hungry aft swimming haha! Just boarded<#> ! It finally came:D
Haha, okie then. Hm, was sailing at east coast area, sea sports club... My second lesson, not exactly good at it, balancing not zai lah, heh...
Yest watch horror movie le can't fall asleep.... only had a little slp
Good... Orchard road asking for donations
Tonight I'll be at Nat's house to work on robot, if the need arises can I stay overnight?
COZ NICKY WAS HINTING LIKE MAD AND KEEP SAYING I AM DANIEL.
Still waiting for bus
ll be going 4 lect...Save me a seat k...Hehe thx =)
India tv dekho
Hahaha nice lol
Ahhh small without pearl please hahaha.
Kisses to yei yei
Hogaya didi  <#>  ka
Watchn tv baby
Sweeeety!! Wat time find my yei yei
Tell millian i will miz him...
Drop dwn ur dirty laundry from potty when u come out AND bring down trash can!!!
Coming later?
Oh yeah me too
Hey Joshua, thanks! I will take it from you tomorrow or the day after..
Lols Sianz rushing project
M?.:,.?
hey i coding my stuff at home now.. productive now, so will go schoollater abit, ok? or u gt things to discuss now?
Hahaha please! And thanks!
I didnt get anything da
Nope I have class
What sort of innuendo is that. I can do better!
Vivien, do you want to take 2 star kayaking course on  <DATE>  Oct?Going with some cp and some odac ppl! Need confirmation by tonight!
Wth den  <#> th not going out?
They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
:( i have CS and cca, 5 hours straight... -shoots self-
Yun ah...Driving nid 2 bring é advance theory bk nt?
I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
Which mods are u appealing? Proj management n is consulting?
Bro do u have siera c0ins?..
dear now then i go bathe.. hee. msg me after u reach home safe ah. muggmugg
LOL LATER I CHECK WITH THEM. THEY'RE COOL PPL!
S da..al r above  <#>
I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  <#> Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. <#> lacs..thats my prob
Kk tell me
i very long nv go fb le ma.. her hair now looks shorter.  <#> th? u when free?
Ps. It's  <#> . Nid photocopy?
I am planning my future.
I am done. How about you?
The first one. The second one wasn't a pharmacy tech one after all. And the manager seemed out of it. Go figure.
Dear,  <#>  am:-)  lub lub u!!
Okay. Thanks.
Hey girls, sorry I can?t make it tmr..How at 28th jan? it?s the wed after Chinese new year.
Hello! Are you in sch today?
Wa some evil principle u have not like u no money! Wahaha I alsowant! I wanna sing xin qiang lol... I insist =p
t worry abt coming back early, have my own readings to do. Take all the time you want ok? Have a productive time after DINNER! Love.
Aww oh well
Mhmm.
Wa! Where are you going! Eh I get from your home?
I'm back & we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
Ya.
Hi jeff! Can intro pls? Phone no if any? My no is 0166305681 ok?
I never see ur 1st sms until now. Just came back school then nothing to tiak.
You want to eat with us? He ordered alot.
9 plus  <#> th plus
Bought 2 hdds, both usb3.
how are you
Not Rizon. Freenode works though.
"Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what'sright."-Theodore Roosevelt
Ok haha msg u later.
Debarun Guha added a photo of you on Facebook.  <URL>
ok.Thks!
Yessssss its ridiculous! Are you going to watch it? Hahaha its likemy first nc  <#>  movie!
Khana milega mader..
Alright!
Say to my grandma!!!
Hi <name>! Will u be able to help me ask <name> along too if u canmake it?Thanks! The plan is to surprise him w laser dedication andbirthday cake and group of good friends at the fountain :) I will tryto request for the dedication to be shown at 8pm sharp so maybe u hishave to reach by  <#> pm. So once he sees the dedication u guys cancome up with a birthday cake. If u have other suggestions feel free tolet me know too :)
Hey, my hp low batt, i don't want to waste. Haha. Btw, u all know howto go over to king albert hotel directly? Becoz shuling on cab andgoing over directly so i asked her to call u when she reached so u allcan meet there str away while i wait for laura.
Really? Where is it from?
Bojio...
Just woke up. Yeesh its late. But I didn't fall asleep til <#> am :/
Haha no not yet>< ahh haha I keep falling asleep:P
Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
U need to bring e ipa
Ok:-)
Ok tgks
hi there
how r u doin? school okie?
paper telecom ka kab tak dena ha?
m going to buy sandals... How to go queensway ah? Any cute hunks around? Wah. So late ah
Ya I know haha... you know how to go there?
Hi... I m outside lt 24... Perhaps u can come over study after ya tut...
Wk  <#>  , ctk  <#>  (casio)
what are you doing? i m on my way back
Hey, rmb to bring your video cam on fri. Gaowei will also bring his.
Hahaha why hais? I offered to help you buy eh.
I'm having chinese! Want join?
m in school now already...
Ohh ok! (: sian chinese!!!!!!!!
Hmm i don't think can reach b4  <#>  if need to transfer. Let's meeton thurs instead?
Wahhhhh thought I told you not to cross. Haha
s gd...Enjoy urself...Cya on sat =)
Ok la.. March also can ..
sry can't talk on phone, with parents
Oh... Juz wondering if you wanna meet up in the evening....
Okay. See you there...
Good evening:)
K.k.
happy chinese new year kor.  may u find a good job and prosper in e yr of the monkey
Are u still @ home? i wnted to come ovr.
moulana sahab bhi tashreef rakhte hain?
So r u comin later?
at work?
Ehh what the I just got your smses): so you went home? Haha I wasn'tsleeping! I was slacking around the house, tried to play scales butfail!
go where chiong after dat?
Yo you asleep?
Haha I will see how eh.
Ya tel, wats ur problem..
Ay wana meet on sat?ü wkg on sat?
Haha.. Walk in de ah? No need to call before that?
I think they only interested in malcolm and bryan haha XD
Ohh >< paiseh! Haha yay today got free subway from Ryan LOL.
Hi! I am Ellen 18 chinese from KL.U?
LOL is it? Hahaha but I sure get owned by you all!! All I can do nowis lay up, is that how its spelt?
Ok
What is your record for one night? :)
K
I dnt want
Par abhi tk nahi mila.
Of course. You mean com2?
Ben and i Shld be gg to school..what time u all celebrating?
<#>  mahela jst out. They took d power play at  <#> th
Not bad. Going quite well. Hurts a lot?
Yeah at canteen.
Hi:)got job ah?
Go for it
K thks! Go study le
Ya itz fo me. When wil u o elil b bk in colombo?
Wad she say
Wassap
Hahaha go check online bah.
Ok
Wth den  <#> th not going out?
Morning! :D
Ok
Maybe
Karate chop lol
Ohh LOL. buy a "i'm finally done with you" card for them:D hahaha Idun know!! Maybe it's different Chesters!! Hahaha buy that for thementees:D
Hmm.. I think I will be slacking around ntu. Meet u all at ntu instead? Heheh
Are u all going to reply xy's email? I reply first ar. Haha
2,4 galian deni thi soch rha tha kis ko don ke teri yad agai..chal to parh...wase bhi kabhi kabhi to parhta ha
Why!
Book kit for steering and half shaft <#> mm and 6mm rodAn6 and an6 with pipe and barb to pipe threadClear hose for fuelTotal tech
Apne hone ka pata de dena Kabhi guzrun toh sadaa de dena Yaad aa jaun ibadat mein agar Haath uthaa K bus duaa de dena gn - via WAY2SMS.COM
So where you now
K ill come to room.
HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE.
Yup can. No problem
Chilling... sleepy xP sup?
Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
Haha we heading towards army market leh, so lame! Haha coz soweird!!! I shared with her liao): haha yeap come later!!!!
Lol why so random? :-P
Stuck for life, mummy likes her?
School activity.
Dun care em la. Jus continue playing ur way
Yup thks!
Hey.. I gt a problem. Left strategy part.. PC seems like it's not a dog
I can do that! I want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
dar come out le ar?
We cant spray on apr 1? Dude we have to be here and no one has timein the week
Hey.. Is it tutorial room 2?
I at raffles place le! Decide!
Going to join on 5 jan..
Okay, see you!
Haven sleep yet? How have you been recently? Hows orientation week?
Hi.
Thank you mr chua, I'll come by later in the afternoon.
I still got half bottle of lemon tea. No problem.
So sad!!! Mugs
Ya.. WA. Red line abt one hour
Loo? Haha yeah but yours is the intermediate year, so your sem 2 notproperly planned, everyday end very early!
No no I ate 1 only, the other 1 yuhui eat. 1 enough to laosai lor.Wanted to buy nuggets but sold out.
Yup!
m quite bz lately... Prob may, thk i wld have quit my job by den...
Ok =)
It's light independent not dependent. Calvin cycle not light reaction!
Aiyo.  Sayang you. Baobei so nice drop by today.:*:* Haha. My mamavery happy wor.
I'm actually on the way :/
Maybe next tues one can make it. Cos this week i already got something on liao. Wat time does yr match start on tues? Would be against? Wat other teams will be playing?
K.
them maybe ü leave earlier?go lar..go with me,pls..?li en wun go.weiyi wun go if ü dun go,i guess..
Achha...!!! Maine hi rcv karwaya aur mjhe hi bataya ja rha hai. Good.
Super msg da:)nalla timing.
Don't brood on the past so much, just think of doing better. If uwant to start now, make your own notes! Also, small test make a bit ofmistake den cost a lot of marks, major test normally better.
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
Dei. Don't worry. Its all right..
hui ming ask us if we wanna join her grp? wat do u say?
I can't be an omen. I can be a jinx
Ohh how do you know!
Dreamspark
HTC
Happy new year big aunt! Okay will do.
It's okie.. I'll walk slowly!
Okok!
Bus stop outside my hse
Sarthak??
Poke poke poke poke poke my Chou baobei.I miss u so much.  All yourfault! Poke u some more!
Ya.. u can see the script. Now I go add pics for mistakes ..
Yea sure, pick a time
Yun ah...U noe é stepbystep guide bk we were toking abt todae? U haf izzit? Do u nid it?
use computer to print one yourself
Hi Diane, thanks for your answer.  If I go to the HSBC branch, do youknow how long it takes to have a cheque's funds clear?
Rain,u busy nw? Y so quiet? Speak up.
Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
SR <#>   <EMAIL>  total  <#>   <DECIMAL> %
Will buy
i think u can get along very well wif mrlvin's mum. :)
Morning, pal...Ten? Anymore i got nothing to do the next day.. Then we go walk walk first b4 the show...
Reached
Yup. Cool she says anything. If cab then I briing my speakers riao
Du lan le. U got psycho?
hmm. he ask me if can help him find part time pop corn helper.
Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
Call u back
U got bus concession??
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Yes ....i like it.just told it..my job designation is technical support executive..
ANGEL did u got my msg?
Hey tmr ü going for dinner?
When are you due?
haha v^^! But I dunno ah, I might show annoyance at stuff quiteeasily at home haha but no one quarrel with me one o.O! Ooo hmm canput salt! Hahaha i'm super slack at home also! But still! Must try toconcentrate! Jiayou!! Tmr I wanna see  <#>  words! Hahaha okay!
Yea! Eh pinky brother wad u wan for bday?
hee. muacks my boy
Lols raffles place. You?
Lyf is d hardest school as v nevr no Wat level of class u r in Wat exam u wil hav next & u cant cheat bcoz nobody else wil hav d same Qustns..Lv u hasu mwah
This time not pain leh.. Haha. Okay. Cya on wed!
Lols I got art le. Did he captain ball alot?
dar u eat alr?
Sheltkar (goregoan)  <#>  gokarn (bandra)  <#>  lalchandani (mahim)  <#>
Don know..he is watching film in computer..
I going msia, rmb?
Thanks dude that means a lot to me. Sorry it was probably annoying ashell.. two more weeks, we can definitely do this. You're the bestdude
Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
Icic. U all go n eat first lah. Haha. U all can read our reports ngive us comments later. In addition, can think of how to present ourlesson learned.
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
m considering liao mah. I duno, i not v interested in e show n i dont wan go out on both weekend. Sunday we meeting 4 lunch w e rest right.
<#>   <#>
Yeah sounds good. Around 2pm?
Fuck I've got three maaassive bug bites (if it's THAT kind, theywouldn't be half this size, knock on wood)
Take  <#>  then change to  <#>  or  <#> ? Haha.
Hey ü free on fri to watch movie or go someplace play mahjong?
If u luv som1 Dont keep in Heart, keep in Nails Bcz if u fail in luv,Dont brek ur heart,jst cut ur nails. Dats d resn girls keep long nails... Gud nt
Gud mrnggbest of luck
She will wake me up when the need arises. Haha oh it ended at  <#> !I am having physics now hehe
LOL blur me... attaching now
Ho gaya connect. Aur folders bhi sahi open ho rhe hai. Work ho skta hai ab.
u want borrow from him? can make a copy for me too?
Ok but where are you now? Can get tickesu first?
Faster!
Oh nvm thks
Exactly :-).
Lols tio guy?
hahha.. ok.. happy v-day!
Haf u eaten? Wat time u wan me 2 come?
Zzz got physics lab lah our timetable not that retarded
Rply d
Haha... Still nd me to say ma... Anyway, thanx 4 sendin me off tmr... Gee gee...
I am sorry...dint mean it this way
I'm at home. Please call
Headed back to mu
Who ask u buy ericsson right... She reply u? She didnt answer my call.
Haha probably! I promise I won't leave you esp during your ns okay!Haha (: haha okay glad to hear that!! Hahaha during eng!! Don't youhave to present?? Oh no um uhh I dun know how to help you,I probablycan't write it!! Ps >< but I really hope you write a good one!! Jyjycan do it!
Send me the new number
Ok
<#>
Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
Yes
V didnt giv xerox itself
Shaffff next Saturday can?
Heee! Next time everyday baobao
Beside you!
Don't forget long john silvers. I'm starving.
Ok! I buy u sandwich later give u
Haha he went through ns already leh, still 肉肉 eh.
Oh so do I still nid to change?
No need to buy lunch for me.. I eat maggi mee..
Oh shucks Chester says he's busy!!
No one might wish us n bring us presents again, but we know that we are still that little kid at heart! :-) Happy Children's Day! :-)
Lol stay so near still lateeeee.
Loan
Try 2 b in stand beforehand.
Oh OK cool!
Are you online?
Ujhhhhhhh computer shipped out with address to sandiago and parantella lane. Wtf. Poop.
I got it
Lols I tot odac got go wad. Joke!
Next week days, when u free, we going meet 4 dinner.
Roarrrr.screen big oso complain.
Starts with N =P
Haha but don't expect too much though :-P the casing is calledcoolermaster elite  <#>  if you wanna check it out first
Hey dun nid buy for me le I eat out
(:
Wow can bring to arp to do I guess. Dun worry man jus have fun these few days
You and yun want me to buy something ?
Haha.. the commencement is at  <DECIMAL>  am?
Then wat time ü coming home...
HI WANT TO WATCH REAL STEEL AT  <#>  PM AT PLAZA SING?
Hey ppl ... I miss ü! -big hug- well, for those whose exams r comin GOODY LUCK! Jia you jia you.exams hou we go jalan2 ok.miss ya.muarx.k,tc k. n.n early nitey.
I swyped "love"
I tell him cannot get get the ppt slide up by the meeting de he dunnowat tell me we presenting next wed leh... wth later let u see hissms... can't stand idiot
aiyah, i am going home now. see you tomorrow.
Hey bro..
Yeah for sure!
Uh hey love lol
In case tml go pump, bring passport?
*luks at dar wif kelian face* Coz I scared got blood or cuts... Me fell outside downstairs my blk.
MY SEMINAR CANCELED
Hey 2morow session 4 tgmc! Ppl 4m ibm r cmng itseems!
Haha where got work? Only got weekly allowance from dad.
Haha cool! Yeah I always leave house late, but shld be able to makeit on time bah! Haha I dunno he seems fine, only sounded angry when hewas waking me up x.x
Lol wait dey. I buying balloons.
Huh... Sure not. Juz go n watch lo... Heh. We meet oredi n c how k. So 5plus at orchard?
Sm prob 4 binsh. Goin hom. He vl rch hom 2mro.
:) hehe.. Kk
LOL.y dun wan wait for next 1.hahaha.
Haha ooo I just saw your sms!! Omg wow that is long!! Haha yups^^ butthe rain make it v liang!!!
I'm in a function
Eh can! Shaohao ordering food at nite so we jus go Spencer hse lo
if put double spacing, will have 3 pages fir executive summary. i cutdistribution channel n competition k
Have one la. Heee.
Lunching with them now
Will do
I not in dl, meet at macs directly?
Ok
Ya, thats the thing.. We wont b able to go rit :(
hey jules, will u be free for soccer on sunday?  bishan braddel
Haha okay.
Another thing is u forgot to put in text citation. Haha.
Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
Okay =o
Wah... Tt guy v slow leh... Almost everyone gone liao... Thk take another half hr... U come and tok to me la...
wht time do you work 2morrow?
Lol she is a friendly lady, dont worry.
re ü sitting?
like real
I have quite a pleasant surprise for ya tonight
Thats wat she wan,
Everyone hears what you say... Friends listen to what you say... Best friends listen to what you don't say....geve.tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Don know:)
Yeap just bathe finish! Coming online soon! Haha actl I v tired:P
Lol those being summoned cannot control their mind but know perfectlywhat's going on around them.
Er.. ok.
s sooo cute! Confirm will make you smile... But the stupid postman asked me to get out of the mailbox..
Hey hey, tmr evening I need you all to come down and help outcoordinate to distribute manpower to the different station games.Qiuxuan, could you please let them know about tmr?
Haha why not happy? You dun have bball meh! my bro has one ah butdunno where it go liao!
ah.. wait me i walking to stop
Good. General Cheng already fell in in his bed already
Is the meeting at S15 level 3?
Rishte me to hum tmhare _ _ _ _ lagte he name he sunny.. Mamu mele me aaega?:-D
Yeah chatting. She moved out of hostel already so I even more sian.
Lol I know. At least they got rid of the puff of air in your eye. I really hated that. Docs suck. I donno y women r so determined to marry them.
k. Mayb i will pop by in lib coz gotta return books
Really he din say... He only told me after i msg u... Then wat u doing now?
U took recently agn? Hmm den u nid to jog more to get rid of fats first lo
Then wat u doing? Bored? No wonder so crapy...
Tell dear
Wah. I hope im grouped together with the friends that you wont forgethahahahaha.
Ques bhej
Pls come back as soon as possible.
Yes omg! I want to go ~ how to get the membership ah?
You're sweet love =)
sure. have fun.
Want to meet up for awhile? We at biz canteen niw
Haha alright!
What's up tomorrow?
Hi, sorry....juz wanna ask when is it a convenient time for me to take my waffle machine?
I think you can go to the mother tongue dept. staffroom and see if the teacher is there tmr. Blk b level 3 forgot what room number
Nice u sure he will use it?
Yes, I ll do that..
A ship in a harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.GUDNUN TC - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Call me when you reached.
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Talk to u soon
Ü comin to fetch us oredi...
Kk chepta ayina nuv velu emutundi
Where u lols
s still space in that class i think
Hmmm... Lk tt oso can lor... But ur bro so cool, will ans anot...
Whaaaatttt?
I hav many awful secrets to reveal but i aint gona
No i staying late in school. Watching talentime
Ohhh okay.
Gil: Hi guys,free 2 chat?
Where gitr
I have a lot of friends,which gave me more happiness.
oh..tt guy who is much taller than me rite?hmm..this current one is slightly taller than me only.hmm..yest got someone msged me ñ said he was li en ñ tt tt was
m in e midst of a talk... Sob sob, cant have lunch w u all...
hello manish have dinner at hotel today
dont want
I do wanna come since I'll be gone til next Sunday
Finally ended! Shag.
s collecting the gown later too... Meet you somewhere to go back together after our separate dates?
ood stuff. Will do! Thanks.
Hi for tml.meeting, where would u all like to meet? I suggest we meetat  <DECIMAL>  we can have lunch together
Omw back to tampa from west palm, you hear what happened?
Yeah but I told Charmaine I am going liao. Think Meifang they all might too. Otherwise I have totally nothing to do LOL
O..lk dat?dan 4gt it.remain as it is nw...
On my way now!
Hey guys,huishan here. i am not going to class later, not feeling well. Please update me if we need to do anything as team.
so are u going to do it?
Hahaha yeah then should be Janice!
later go find u
Ms Chan Jia Min and Ms Teo Mei Shi. Andrew please call me when youreceived this.
u wan mit for kopi nw
Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  <EMAIL> ,kerala
Wah really? Cool lol.
Going canteen now. You?
Hihi
Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
Who is dis
Hahaha so he's wearing what you wore to prom?? Ehh why cannot!
If you're coming today, please come after 8pm,  as I will only returnat that time. I need to sign the cheque.  Otherwise if Friday morningmight be easier, we can give it to you then.
M 29 u!
Zzzzaooo en! Later can meet at bukit m interchange instead! At 3?
its juz changes lah...something u cant avoid but u cant put the blame on any 1 thing oso...
Hi.
=/ I just want my ids... and if course this is the one time I have cash -.-
Wanna watch movie at wm? I feel restless today and I start work at 7.
It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
<#>   <#>
''An Amazing Quote'' - "Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear...."
Aiya fee....teal
s your turn to cook next week hor.
the inauguration thing is 9am at uni cultural centre.u know abt it?
s no jam...
free. will be in sch frm abt  <#>  plus.free frm then onwards
Ok
9pm show.
going to town
Oh okay.
Haha ya lo ... lol bo pian so late le everyone vet all the good slotle... lol my grilled fries so Nomnomnom! Haha then we tml decide bah!Liddat we can also go town eat lol
I'll try to make it if I manage to wake up, probably around  <#> + till after lunch
Fwd: Pass it on! Rmb to bring water bottles! Really really important.No sharing. And money cuz it makes the world right round.
Ok
Aight cool
Andrew can u pls get an aplicationform? F u r around church. Pls
Lol I kept thinking today was Thursday for some reason. Probablycaused some confusion on your side. Sorry!
Ok...thank u.....
Ahhh count wrong? Never mind I go home check again. I now at eunos eh.
Thkz... So when u leavin for bangkok? Maybe can give u a treat cöz i realli wan to find out more abt e course...
6pm@leo's house?
Ok just boarding now, guessing about an hour late x
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Hey! Yeah I'm feeling a little better. No throwing up!
That's good for me. I need to reach school at  <#> . I dam fat, needexercise. Bb where?
Got some of them ah.lol still bidding for last 1.dunno bid wat oso.waiting for Percy to plan.lol.
Mum sorry nvr bring phone. We cut at  <DECIMAL>
I confirm plus chop u r yiyun,dun nd hide from me.I cn stil locate u
Sigh...... but no matter wat you still have to do your best even if dun depend on your fate....
Nvm cannot already. They want to do stupid tech inspection
Mmmmmmm.... :-(
Muacks! Dum dum trying his best le. Hee
Hey, chun min sent an email to ask u all to read a short letter shedrafted for gavin's parents. Pls read thru and comment if any.Thanks!
Haha why!
Fuck man. I actually did the test before. And there's no more bloodtest! Haha. I saw your super tall friend and da jun again! Haha.
I will keepthnking of my goirl too!
Ü called dad oredi...
Din i tell u jus now 420
You want it now?
No
Oh ok ps busy
Ya... just got home. I saw lek wen just now! So u didn't take ssa?
Yeah cheap! I think both quite okay ah, decoders seem to have alarger range of games, like not just board games! Ehh! I'm not! Theguy dun want give me free play for solving some game! Hahaha is it?Haha but I don't have bio hons): haha can help me ask?:x!
-.- what time can open lab?
Nice. Then ur training day wad le? It's like insane man
On what? If he's muscular and rich? Lol jk
Okie...
Oi. Dekh, mar shorir o kharap hoe geche. Ek val lagche na. Plz ektuk kotha bol. Ami jani, tor o valo lag che na. Plz phone dhor
No as in the speeches!! Jyjy!
7 bje tak chal0ge khelne?
Very tire? i cal you fon but you switch off.
Probably the same too. Not sure. Depends on my mom I guess. Gotta get new slippers.
I also have to go see my mom cause she got surgery D=
Hi guys, I spoke to Arti. Is 8pm today a good time to meet?
s nothing lah~
Sorry, I'll call later
Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
Sms my hp 0168596707 now
I have back checkup in the afternoon at 2+ so i was thinking  <#> am or smth
Okay thanks. Merry christmas!
Lols how? Pass u now?
I'm ok if everyone is.
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Just completed about  <#> % of it siannn
Its like a boot camp. You meet people from around the world and trystarting a company
Thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. A few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! Take care c u soon.
Oh right. Feeling better now? D:
Cig lete ana
Lol gd sia got 2nd prize.
Ok lah, like i said u fix e time n place lor.
chalo phir rehne do....hehehe
Hee... Quite a lot to clear.
What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
Yes, I need it asap
Waa when did we start playing winner pay
I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
Reach home le! Lol just now on bus super urgent need toilet lo...drink too much water le lol
You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
Thanks for you info. Nitez
<#>  or  <#>  or  <#>  try da.
kk.tyty:)
Ooo, I haven't.. Kk
I get around  <#>  but doesn't fluctuate. Maybe u were in a breezy area?
"Sweet" sa time dekhkr, apne "Sweet" se apno ki yad aai to socha ki"Sweet" sa sms kardu taki hamara "Sweet" sa "Relation" thoda or"Sweet" ho jaye:)§den§,tk
Tampines just super rain.hahaha.and I think east coast isn't far away.how sia.
Nikalne se phle cl ya msg kr dena 5 min phle.
If u want the burger after ur lesson I can take 1. Now dam hungry.
Wokay. Am walking from biz. I ll be there in a couple of minutes
I 'l give intro for sure
Really ^^
Anyway, we heng shao you such big quarrels hoh? which is not v. healthy. Peng you zhi jian yi ding yao ou er you yi xie zhen chao cai hui hu xiang liao jie?
Ehhh nv say when u wan meet leh.u when free this wk??
I dunno... do I?
Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
i at co op now..
I'm aight.. I really am, I've just been so depressed but I'm feelingbetter and I'm gonna come home to you guys!!!!
Zip
Until 4th of june lor...Thk have to wait till i come back den come my hse liao...
Anything on 2day?
Lol okayyyy
Hey where's key
ll bring  a big present bk 4 u ...Haha, Nitez...
Yoyo! My dad says if want to eat prata tmr need to reach ard  <#>coz  <#>  is the last order o.o how??
Ok
Ohh. Yes I see i see. Suspicious har?
P
In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
Okay!
Ugh fine...u caught me :/
Coming?
Rmb passport.
<#> . U?
But I not in school now leh how to check sia...
Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
"Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doingordinary things extraordinarily well." - Angelique Arnauld
0k bhai rehne de
Hmm.. convocation need gifts one ah? I didn't think of that leh
Yaya. Bout 7
Oh really? Haha
Bad news... I forgot put my cash card when entering erp...
ll jus leave it...
Hey.. Wazup?
Wa got last episode le chi lam show! Wanna wait for u watch?
It's okay. Tonight you coming right. Then pass me.
xy:Should be lor, need to buy the christmas present haiz...
Why must we sit around and wait for summer days to celebrate. Such a magical sight when the worlds dressed in white. Oooooh let there be snow.
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;Mazenet;;;
TEL: <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
No, it was directed in one place loudly and stopped when I stoppedmore or less
Post!
Oh LOL. wow so awesome omg liwei is so full of awesome!!! X.x omg!!!hahaha have you attained zen then XD
Then:)
Morning, are you awake?
Ya ya... Saw e mail... But fri cant collect leh, not goin to sch... Haiz, have to tell her abt it...
Like so unrelated lol! Uhh 7 is next to! On my keyboard, I typed wrongly
Hmmm see how ba... a bit far from cck also... btw, somethingunbelievable happened to you?! *points to ur fb status
Yup sure np:-)  I am going to buy clothes now.. so no rush.
Ohh ok! I charged my phone for free!
why dun u give me ur no. 1st... hehe...
Okay!:D
Yeah I know but she's a little sensitive so best not to make her unhappy unnecessarily. Yeah cus you havent spoken to me in ages.
Eating in sch?
Ok... thanks.....
Bid again lol!
agh why am I screwing myself up again :c
Thanks haha (: its funny! dun dare to feel good about any of my testsle! Haha did you come to sch on time?
in malaysia custom now, waiting for taxi home.
Haha its like a jumper! Haha yeaps not buying sth too extravagant la!:P dun wanna stand out also haha, its not my prom!
Yeap he can!!!! Damn nice (: I know coz he from my obs group haha!Bedok mrt! Near the reservoir!
"Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what'sright."-Theodore Roosevelt
Oh yeaaahhh!!!!! Wow... was it pretty strange?
Scan copy bhaja di hai email id pe vo collect kar lena
Before coming send message so that we get ready
Oh we booked dr rm for nov? Haha. Okay. Okay.
Eh why you ee me lol. That's why I asked everyone. Haha
Sure!
Ef
Can la of cos...
It will be good if my art can scare u
Kaavalan Rocking in  <#>  Theaters in Malaysia And Kaavalan Tops this week at No 1 In Most Of The Sites :) Vijay's Mass Redefined :) PROUD TO BE A VIJAY FAN
Okay thks!
Hai nikita me male36
No lah. I got something on also. Lol thanx...
Meow? How come?
Train in 2 min Dar.
big big hug for my boy! soon can relax le, baobei wo ai ni!
Yo after 5 plus free??
Hahaha no la! Haha yea but still don't mess around!
Checking!!
Haha i'm sure you can tank!!! XD haha hopefully bah! Ooo haha I nevergo before! Haha hmm where else! Smu is still stuck in my head hehe!Got benches there can study in! Weekend not a lot of ppl de! OMG!!!!The cat super duper cute!!!!!!!!!
Me too baby! I promise to treat you well! I bet you will take good care of me...
Ok.
S0ry bhai me nai chal paunga meri tbiyat kharb h0gai.. Plz s0ry
YAH I WANTED TO ASK RAGHAV WRITE FOR ME.
Anna im in the bus..I think Bus will start at 8.. *Dial  <#>  for RingIN Tone -'Football World Cup Song'*
Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
1min
<#> . I guess.
Please visit a doctor today,do not delay. Yes will hold you in prayer.GBU.
I took leave:)fever.
Let me know when you're free next and we can hang out and watch amusical out something
where got ?
She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
Ok!
Moving to lt3 now
Pls speak to auditor
<#>
I had to boil them some, but I did try to fry them
Paiseh...going to be late....is anyone else in dl now?...
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
I went the src to play, in the badminton court
"Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what'sright."-Theodore Roosevelt
Tell u soon k?
Ok lar. Troublesome young lady.
You have never had PMS..? Whoa guys really appreciate that. Since when did I ignore you... Prolly got tired of your never accepting him attitude. Seeseewalkwalktalktalk at where?
Haha eating ramen haha I haven't eaten this in a long time! Hahaha Ithink she knows ah she always go infront or behind me, but to wake twoppl up de, I'm sure she can see haha :x haha nights! I dun think thereis a next quiz!
We stopped to get ice cream and will go back after
K sure.
s car. Going 4 dinner now. U leh? So r they free tonight?
LOL okay. Why,chalet no fun mah
No d
Omg you hacker!!!!! Hahaha wow duper amazing sia!! Hahaha wow allsorts of random places!! Nono hahaha!! All over the place!! Just spentsuper long at h&m!! Hahaha!!
Ok.he never msg
Gud nt.
Hapy bday krish ji.. Sory late wish kiya
Haha stop shopping already. Later you will make your way to the ringshop again.
Sheltkar (goregoan)  <#>  call before going
Laogong laogong laogong what u doing now?
YES! I really gained weight hahaha!
Caturday? Ok sure why not
lol. can can . exam over le.
Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope  i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :)
AWESOME HAHA I THOUGHT ALL IS DORAEMON?? HAHA LEND ME PLEASE AND TELLZIKRI I'M BORROWING FROM YOU INSTEAD THANKS!!!
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Why la?
Hi Thyag, tomorrow morning/afternoon would be great! I think I wouldneed around 2 hours to pack everything. Please ler me know what timeis good.. Thanks a lot!
gm dear.
Ooo kallang??? We're not leaving yet! X.x but when we leave should beabout when you reach!
ok, i will. you too! now many people getting sick.
Lol I meant fyp prof tomorrow.
Kya chal rha hai?
Hi Sue, we decided to extend by one week.  So extend till  <#>  July. Can we do this informally w/o contract?  Also does Desmond havefurniture he wants to dispose of from our apartment?   We may be ableto move it out for him.
Hi Shyan, we're looking to borrow  <#> k over  <#>  years. Can youhelp forward the loan amortization table and all the fine print termsand conditions for the ANZ loan SOR and Combo? Thank you! -Min
Nice! A hot tub sounds sooooo nice right now.
Can't. 2moro morning study then nite pool
sigh...so borin. why does life sux???
Webpage s not available!
Quite a lot of problems. Both single double banjos thread too long, Isee spare got grind 1. Brake light sensor completely forgotten, dunnoif its from waiseng or not, also need attachment. Rubber hose. Notexactly sure the way I join the t-junction correct or not.
Yeah I've already prepared tea just in case u pop up :P
hey you free to go shopping today in the afternoon i need company
m not sure too...
Wah?? :-           (((
Plese check your e mail
U r right
Ok be there in a min
dear i go mrt there
Yup
Darling. Should i buy milk today?
Ya. Givng.
Yeah just like my body. Yeah fake smiley faces :))
principal wala mesg dobara send kar...pura nai mila
OK. Call me once you get here.
Welcm:-)
Lols 2moro check la. BTW quiz 2moro?
I'm going over ard 3pm plus..staying a while only to sort out the bb clothes for ethan. It's oki la, i can meet you at jp.. No worries..exercise time to walk to jp. Unless you wanna disturb zoanne, then we can have dinner at her hse. You decide la.. I'm fine with both.
Not done yet ah? Nvm I will wait then.
Hi
Before  <#>  bah
Yeap just ended! Walking out of sch now! Should I take  <#>  or mrt?
Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
Hey you know Praveen s India number?
Alright! :D
phir kase kare ga?mood kyun kharab ha?
Change of eta:  <#> h
ll b usin ur new line... Anyway, i chose nus sci... U choose nus or smu 4 ur biz ad...
Ohh ARP on every saturday? Whoa enthusiasm. One can never get enough money.
I'll ask him! Haven't see him since fri haha!
"The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!", Gud night....
nvm.. if can later i jus go over to ya hse to take later in e nite also can.. heh
wat time u free todae?
ll be back hall tomorrow.btw,cny ü in spore?or flyin?
LOL very good!
If not very fun I go find my frens?
Oh...icic..
Pad liya
I got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the  <#> day return period ended.
Lovable
Imagine life without girls All theater silent D police at rest Mobile companies in loss Gift shops in loss & All Boys ? "UNIVERSITY TOPPERS. "
What about next week?
U going it show?...buying anything?..
Denny not here
Spl charcter? Y so?
Post!
<EMAIL> <EMAIL>
Okay I try! Excited alr
Oh. I forgot.
No blond
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
nai
so poor thing. okok, then see u at home tmr! eof.
In addition, send us the original cards which u ttok reference fromtoo. Thanks!
Haha.. I'm up la.. Just that realized this round of bidding, both my modules are not up for bidding.. Lol..
Haha very sian? Why!
No? Think it'll look bad?
Yup, the one with graduation gown.
Oh good:P I got that sms in the middle of morning assembly lol thenmy phone ring out loud haha super random.
s a perfectly gd ans!
Uhh yeah sure
Daddy You reaching at 6pm sharp?
sirf touh ha...complete accessories ka to market se hi pata chale ga...battery timing jo official ha wo around 3 days hs
Mathe en samachar?
How are you? Do you feel better now? Went to the doctor?
Sailor moon!
Heee. Laopo, im forever yours. Go home safe sweetness.
I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
Haha coz I wake up early then I saw him still doing! Haha squeakyclean eh?? Hahaha but I like cup noodles!!! Hahaha and lots of lays!!
Laxmi Ji Har Rat Chand Ban K Aaye , Din Ka Ujala Shaan Ban K Aaye , Kabhi Dur Na Ho Apke Chehre Se Hnsi , Ye Diwali Aisi Mehmaan Bn K Aye Happy Diwali fr0m- sunder das kriplani
Hmm then I cant. Btw which other days have
Next week 1 3 5 free. Sentosa on any one
yar high scale ke liye ye ha bhi nai..aur jahan tak data rate ki baat ha to HDTV chal sakta ha is per..
sry, we meet at  <DECIMAL>  @ marsiling ok?
orh! juz nw charging phone. i coming out in  <#> .
Have a good show!
oh wait u r confusing me. so u are Darshini and cancelling thetuition for sciences today right?
Haha happy ending will cost casualties. Like harry potter like that.
Okay!! (:
I wont be online that late
OK call me when you are up then
Uhh my lesson end at that time so should be ok. Where lol
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
Aiya then why go?
I dun tink I can
Cus I wanted you to have some time alone since we sorta quarreled just now. If you are fine now then I can do anything you want me to do.
s Angels in our M1 SmartRoam *138* contest. Log on to www.m1.com.sg, and take part now.
Okay lah u see whether can do anot n wat the rest say bah. Iunderstand your concern. Haha.
Nt joking seriously i told
Hahaha need! I nv include so as not to let teachers know lol
LOL SO YOU'RE LIVING WITH NO 5 FOR THE NEXT FEW MONTHS? I feel sadfor you!! Here I send you the letters on 5 so you can copy and pastehahaha!! J K L j k l 5 hahaha!!!
Hahha. Good idea.i shd hv. Towel. Ding ding.
NO TIME ALSO LOL AFTER HER LESSON IS ETIQUETTE DINNER LEH.
One more stop.muuuacks
If i use his account wil the bill go 2 him or i apply 4 my own is better but how?
Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ü again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ll keep ü informed again?
Just saw the mail.Yao siew so fast decide.got so convinced by that team not.lol.
s pink... Blue means lover... No light blue... Oh, my fren sent to me,so i forward to my frens oso lor...
I think
Lol oh ya you no need to worry la, since you are not growing anymore.Long passed the age of growing already isnt it? XD
Oh its np! Haha omg the one I watched right, the ducks got blown awayhaha then they keep trying to re form the line!
Dun friend u orèdi...I confirm wif u all tmr...
SWYPE FAULT LOL. HAHAHA SMART LA HAHAHA
tj pagar.. haha.
Lol! Maybe u didn even key in luh! So tmr lunch at ur place isit? ._.
Lols I at hosp visiting dads fren son. Later going orchard le. Pslooks lol u gotta eat wanderer meal
Lol... Ok la... I better not work rest. Go learn german language better. See if I get internship.
ve yet to confirm the time.can u make it?hee do reply me asap k?help spread the news too.thanx!tk care
Shod be ok.
Hiyo:-)dont joke:)
paper at 9 rite? wake at  <DECIMAL>  ba. sleep more . haha
Like maybe monday if you are free?
do u realy luv her?
Come
Tml holiday so I can stay up all night la. If you want we can chillat holland v coffee bean or west coast mac.
I went home for a bit to work and me and my friend slept in dwinellefor a bit and now I'm at work finishing a late essay =(
Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...
Wah for 6D5N  still below 3k, good good
You bad girl. I can still remember them
On my way back. If you get this call me.
Booking Tk. <#> , dp Tk <#> , instalment aug. to feb- <#>  7x <#>  this is ur update. Thanx why u dont' rcvd call.
I thought it was important
Thanks so much! Sorry to bother you :(
I missed you pa...
5 6 7.
Yea both ok see u then.
Yessss
Mattew late.he say wait for him.
So we meet  <DECIMAL>  for noodle?
I'm surprised you aren't asking for a computer
Emailed yo
K set. Feeling feverish though
Nope... Juz off from work...
<#> . Rubber hose, brake light, one hose, stopper, banjos.
Yea. Thks
Im fed up...
Kk reaching in 5 mins. Meet at boarding office!
Are you free now?can i call now?
Have a good evening! Ttyl
Ok ok pass me the form another day!
Behind alumni.
U where nw?
Ooo haha icic! I woke up le! yeah orientation meeting:/ haha omg yay ~~~ !
Hey Casey when r u bringing the babies over
How'd it go?
I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo
Wah that's unfair. They should just mark you late. :-(
Watching ajith film ah?
Daddy got fetch u?
Lol not meet 4pm meh? I on my way le.
But it's for the better my dearrr. How else are you going to get good results? All fpr the future!
m in civilisation!Wat u doing now?
I'll cry.
Wan a lift then? Ü i can pick u ard 635
Wishing you a wonderful week.
I never see it.. where u put
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Hahahaha ok.
Kyu
Go down now?
Lol no problem. Haha you are really excited about the shoes eh.
:)) can ask roy too?
TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
Dear got bus directly to calicut
Convey my wishes to him.
Wats wrong in askin codes da
i wait for you at the bus stop ok? i am on the way. about 1:00pm ok?
Haha why dun want? Save money get by yourself? Convince them its vimpt ~ yeap its super fun!!! (: (:
U crazy ah, dat day tut v diff lor, tdy i went to listen. I only went for 1 tut. No time tdy, lunch also didnt eat... N only left e office aft 7... Sian...
He's a very very weird guy, abit embarrassing:/ hahaha yeah youdefinitely won't recognise any of them le! Haha okay have fun and takecare): tonight sleep early! Haha ooo icic! The food is cool! Hahaha:P
Hihi weitieng sorry I can't go tonight coz i'm sick): sorry!!
Guess wat im e one whose gonna b late..gee...
LOL WHAT'S WRONG WITHTHAT HAHAHA MY PHONE CANNOT LOAD YOUR NAME HAHAHA
Haha finally woke up! How's math?
Jap food lar... Dat day we juz ate sizzler... I might b a little late...
Haha coz friend colonised my window seat!! She likes it so haha! Wetried to open it haha makes the class warmer!! Haha coz sun I think!Some other class also have! Hahaha what the hahaha retain lor :P thenyou grad with me HAHA. No I won't!!!! OMG THERE WAS A PATAMON BADGEBUT SOPHIE GOT TO IT EARLIER THAN ME ): do you prefer pichu orcharmander?:P
Call me
Hahaha orly!! I want to hug you when Dr teh is ard, how? Haha okay!!(: sounds nice! :P hahaha you completely dao-ed the last part!!
<EMAIL>
I'll be eating with my parents tml morning.
Haha oh no!!!!!!!!!!!!
C u in row 23 then
Hahaha oh well, your final year sem already right. Hahaha all the best!
Yup thought of that but cant find nice one, later I go search again if got time
xy:Most prob i got 2 work. I duno meet where, most prob town lor
Aiya take morning one mah, i'm inside. Haha.
Wah... Tmr 9 muz reach sch oredi... Haiz.... So i meet u at 850 lk tt k...
Eaving house soon le
Andrew I brought a google nexus S :D
Meeting da.
go science centre this sunday
Nope haha! I thought you know the other one also! Hahaha single is cool too:D
i dont like that rain
Kk.. see u tmr then!
Okay lah. When results out or near to cors then say again bah. Haha.
Yo!
Eh i ask ü ah... The jigsaw must glue to the frame a not?
Okie! :*:* come quickly hee
You online? I send it to u by email ba.
Sohji eating in sch?
ll b goin.. Help me tell jo... Cos i dun have her no...
Thanx a lot..:-)
You there
Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
Hey. Do u happen to remember besides yms which place has a kind ofsmall concert hall for hire? Haha
HAHAHA wow you paid for some quality stuff. That's good mah lol.
Do you have class after this?
Oh over alr ar... Den if not buy wad for joel?
Episode <#> . Chest pain again? Go see a doc.
everyone do this very well when all is well
Are you already there?
2 gb ddr3 ram : 3 years  <#>  gb hdd : 3 years dvd writer : 1 year i-ball cabinet : 3 years keyboard & mouse : 3 years  <#> " dell square : 3 years with intel i3 :  <#> , <DECIMAL>  phenom :  <#> , <DECIMAL>
What time
U pig leh, now in arts canteen q for food...
What makes you most happy?
ll hav to think abt it, how much do u suggest i should put in?
solution main dekha ha 7 ka  <#> ?
Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck?
Lol okay eh. Help me get people first can. I go bathe.
Ok
Sorry Dear
kwekml@hotmail.com pls msg me
Call back when u r free
can you buy me cdr? no rush, buy when you go buy stuff. thx...
Hee dar I on  <#>  le. Lub lub!!
Mhm =)
Oh wat topic u doing? I dun wanna do with jens siaz zzz
Change to clementi!
Ok..:-)  where shall I meet u all?
Eh nvm la I not hungry
Haha early is good. Go get a good seat.
Na... your mobo manual would be impt though
On my way to office. nine o?clock I woke up cook my leon tau hu mm?yum?very nice bye. take care
I haven given millian e oil yet... U give ah...
Wot r u doin?
If boy in lv, His parents ask- who is dat IDIOT? If girl in lv, Her parents ask- Idiot,who is dat boy? MORAL-No mattr whoevr in lv, girl r alwz idiots.
Got the answer?
so cold
Lol yeah saturday you got nothing right hahahaha
Yeap!!!
I'm just suggesting that u elaborate on the amount of compensationshld be debatable under the issue section..
Damn that's a B. Anyway i'm on my way to school, too bad for the oversleeping i can't crash computing
The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly "what i want to do," not "what i need to do."
Ya i dnt knw to teach maths to u..so u askd veena only to teach maths for u..if i didnt give any idea means u asking ur frnds only na..
Ok
Im sending it to you with an email
Which msg.
At work, what's up?
reach home safe
Its an old one. Just re-promoted it
Sure sure (:
T.T why!
Since i'm ydsp they ask about how's their own stuff not much about myself o.O
Yun! I will be late
I think twitter has a limit of  <#> ... but I could only collect  <#>  leh
Lmao!nice 1
Hey jingting, remember to tell them your group name is supermassive.
Hahaha when I couldn't wake you up!! Hahaha but you should not onlytrain with me hahaha! Coz I will be very slack! Haha we are windowshopping!!! THERE ARE SO MUCH STUFF I WANT!!!! Hahaha:P I don't thinkit's raining here! Dun fall sick!
But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
Erm wat break....? I think yr jc guy frens in army had a break last week rite?Hmmm, i think a nite job is quite suitable for ü.... Hee hee.
Did he email you?
Hee. Love u dear!! Enjoy ur lesson!!
No i go direct
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed & Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
Oh no.Bernard n Poh Yee there already too?I faster make my way there.but I stay Tampines =x
Yay! Did you watch the new one?
Where do I go?
But this match not really interested... So not really watching... Waiting for my 12am match...
Done with my sleeping lor.. Later may go for a run. So where u bringing ur mum n sis for dinner?
I know! When is flyer
Ok da
Why u so smart start frm back ..
Haha okay I fell asleep:x some ppl went to eat breakfast!! hungry ~haha I tell you tmr ~! haha yeah it'll prolly be expensive! I dunthink they played, they prolly just drank! Hahaha yups nowre-energised! How's rehearsal? I miss you!
Ys *   I call him juz now.. he after fetch u then. Come..
riffat ka email bhi mil gaya ha
Haha I didn't! I overslept rmb? Haha why apologise? Oh no takemedicine? I need to do arp today><
ur chauffeur? Hahaha who issit? from TIBS or SBS? Ü
Hey 9 meet backgate?
Haha so cute! Teach math ah? Ohh tell the p2 kid you gave agirlfriend! Later she become very sad LOL.
Enjoy ür wkend 2... =5 Hope u havin fun at uni
Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
Then t wrong acct can b use 4 wat?
Frm yest bball. Serious ar where? Aft tt do wat
Thanks for the lift home gal
Xyan start teasing me liao, she say she keep laughing.
Haha oh :x xiaoxin! Oh >< eat proper food! Drink tea hahaha I neverdo that at home xD haha dunno! Those girls I talked to at the sc roomsay Friday after concert play sparklers! Hahaha omg!!!! I wantalso~~~
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
how are you
roger! muacksssssssss.hee
Kk
Got a new study for mno subj pool! Haha.
Emo!!!
Haha because tired dey. I woke up in the middle of the night to study.
Ouch! Happy  <#>  too! All the best for the new year!
When is your class? =o
Lol woah when are you so good to analyse if they are from where haha
Where are you?
Gud mrng Mohit.I will reach by 9 today.
Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
m 25 staying at tph
It's Q I think, so overall Q <#>
hone laga ha
I haven't start yet. U?
U mean e school rite, i dont mind.
Hey, i give u their contact nums just in case. Teck Guan:  <#>  Gao Wei:  <#>
Other one
Just nice made it to sch! Thanks!
I won't be done until  <TIME>  though =o
Haha np! I know you won't do anything bad to me de lah! Haha good Ihope you get home fast (: haha just washed up, going to finish mathand physics assn! haha cool! Oh please eat something when you gohome!
I meet ü at orchard mrt at seven can?
Chalega kya aaj?
I passed le, can suan u now! Eh wad happened to u?
Anything...
Hmm okay eh.
Okay I walk down.
Hey, I am submitting your name for the next committee for astro club.I have not decide on positions so I will let you decide. But right nowI need your full name, nationality, dob, nric no, student no, dept/yr,email. Please give me the details asap, thanks!
Thank you so much for the moon cakes they are very nice
Thks for the breakfast! Very nice
Hey can meet  <DECIMAL>  instead? I'll be abit late..
Where?
Ok reach home liao. Gd nite n sleep early.
Phone =o
go la . 3 hours wont kill
Kaisi hai?
I love u dearie!!
Sometimes we Feel all Doors are closed. But they may be waiting 4 ur gentle push....
Cool siaz!
I mean email the notes lols
Where r u?
Am not interested.
hmm..Wanna ask li en ñ weiyi they all out?
are u free now? I want to ask u some qns
Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
ok ...
Haha okay! Get sth nice ~ haha pool T.T hope I dun get chaoda~
Dear i have reache room
Hahahahaha morning, omg my phone really sth wrong can't display your name!
wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
I think it's in one of the menus
Nope im going out.
I pass to u tmr lah. Can? Haha. Tmr i've classes at biz from  <#>  to3 and 4 to 6.
Okay!
HAHAHAHA OH YA LOL happy squeezing through. :-D
Dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. Ask someone that has gone before. If you do its just  <#> bucks
I wont be coming to university this week. If i come i wil call you. Or call me on  <#>  tomorrow and we can talk. Or gtalk. Kaushik.mysur at gmail.com
Omg. Arsenal lost to west brom at home. Real shocker.
Haha oh ya eh. Good friday is during may I think lol
I used to be but I got fired. I wonder why :(
Hahas its ok
Ya exactly. Are you online now? He says he is contactable through fb.
Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
Ok.
<#>
Bo bian. Cure pain with pain lo
K see you then
:-)
Wat r u goin to watch?
Can ü zap ur ic in ur office...
Kaiez... So cya tmr...
Hmmm... 12? I cant shop too long oso, nd to b home by 4....
Lol I noe u pageant la.hahahaha.jiayou ah.haha =) yeap taking the mod haha arbo y ask u.lol.need 1 more for group lol.
Small or large? With pearl?
Haha yx gets annoyed by alot of people ah hehe:P he's funny though!Oh people call him Elmo haha! Ooo wow haha but its not the realthing!
I wont. So wat's wit the guys
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
koi nai
0k as u wish.. Unki mrp  <#>  hundred he
Climax over then how?
Dear I on  <#>  already.. call u when I reach. Concentrate on urreport!! Love love u!! Hee:-)
s gonna be a smooth day for u! Take good care!
Hehe jannu
You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
ll post la, easier...
Shiju hw r u dear?
Wat u doing now?
Eaten dear. Have a good lecture later. Boss is back in office, yes, on her off day!
Haha.. It's like you read my mind so I dun need to say it :) hehe..
Ur pc cluster too many ppl...i go upstairs one....see u later for the tut...
I never watch before leh.
Okay. Up to you dear.
K..k...
t let u do so. Please
Lol enjoy your stars i got to sleep...got to work later!
You Settle then i bank in to u. Ok?
Wat do you have in mind dear?
Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
i wish you good day sir
Huh.but is <#> meet ah??? I tot same as last wk at 2.. =x
Good night! :-)
HARLO! When Ryan real bday? Tot its over?
oo ..u haven reach school?
relax??? hw 2??? i really feel sad nw :-(
Rajnikanth's All-Time Best : 1. Rajnikant once wrote his autobiography... Today dat book is known as.., . . "Guiness book of world record" 2. NEWLY APPROVED SYMBOL OF RUPEE IS ACTUALLY . . . . . . RAJNIKANTH'S SIGNATURE...!! 3. One nyt, while asleep, rajnikant ws mumbling some random numbers... . . . Thats how d Log table got generated... 4. RAJINIKANTH once had a bet wid superman. . . . . . . The loser had to wear his chaddi outside... 5. Once Rajnikant taught a kid how to enter a house widout ringing d door bell.... . . . . . That person is now called CID inspector DAYA.. 5. Rajnikant participated in  <#>  mts race and obviously he came 1st . . But EINSTIEN died after watching that . . . . . . . . . . LIGHT came second . ! ! 6. Boy 1: Dude I've got Rajnikanth's movies. Do you want ??? Boy 2: Oh no dude.! I dnt have that much graphics card in my computer. :-D :-P ;-) :-D
Haha we last for all event
Haha yiyun? oh yes change no nvr tell me nt my fault arh starhub got contract min 3 months tink they mght nt tk ü leh
Yes.
OMG I DIDN'T EXPECT YOU TO CATCH ON. BUT REALLY WHICH DO I TAKE LOL
ORD lohz..
Alright then. At least you have a place to sleep haha
U n other girl alone
Finished.. waiting for HR
I dunno ~~~
Okay. Gary wong loh. Haha.
think while you talk
Thanks.
Oh he got to go home ah? Then what are you all gonna do?
Hee... Sent the direct link so you can take a look
Home. Going out at  <DECIMAL>
Possible, as long as the teeshirts not printed. Who wants a change?
Hey.. I will give the phone and cable to Nadee and go.. :)
Good that you don't care because I'm definitely judging
Fighting to stay awake.. Why do you keep sup-ing?
LOL WHAT. as in my usual shampoo or today's shampoo?
morning
Alright, sounds good haha.. go take a nap now, then we can chat!
How come ur boy friend so believe in reviews. Ask him choose girl friend need review or not. Dont disturb u all liao. Enjoy!
Got! You know that time we went for sushi at icon village?
The west mall koufu! I went there with ryan LOL. so awkward!!!!!!!!!
Lol it's ok. Sunday ba
Soso lah,just a nice common person.
Lols imma sick...
Yep see u.
Pussy boys. Want want want choose the most fked up person?
<name> keeps passing anti-abortion  stuff on fb.. I was gonna be like"dude,  no one's telling you to get an abortion" and then I realisedI'd just be lying
Dunno i can't tell if is sabo but anyway i took it out so it's less ugly
Am up
My mom? Vanessa?
Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
Hey! Thanks. I love her too.
Omg shit I am sorry I overslept just woke up cannot come early
Buy see ü
Cool you going?
Okay.
Cck station
Eh nvm 1 la. The seats very hard to get, I booked them like last weektue. 2 frens cancelled on me, so I got 2 more seats. Just come la.
MY CHEM IS WORSE.
hello, yijue
Ahhhh yeah, that's pretty "why" worthy lol
Do you has key/when opening?
Dear Friends, our Tiruppur Team creat a new car achiver Mr.Dineshkumar so wish him to achive next By Prakash Tiruppur Team
How abt the wk after new yr?
Rly? Tot coming cus lnp
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
Ganbatte! 3 more days to end of exam! ^_^
Tur ghorot nahu...bus stopot ahim...
Lols I got art... Nvm Alex Jon and me will be free
ALRITE HUNNY! WOT U UP 2 2NITE? DIDNT END UP GOIN DOWN TOWN JUS DA PUB INSTEAD! JUS CHILLIN AT DA MO IN ME BEDROOM! LOVE JEN.
Hey.. steffi and i outside comp club room now(near biz canteen) wantcome over?
Nite baby. I love you. Sleep well.
Wait we'll talk later.. we have a break at the same time right?
Hey Roy ask if u wan play bball nxt week?
Hws ur wk pretty?
Post!
Haha it's alright!(: wcp is okay!
Oops lol. Did you like vote for him also'
Are you at home?
ve booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
have u informed them abt the gathering??
Weird I just got it... sorry, I was taking to mom
<DECIMAL>
Sms Simran phonenumber
Lol I pity the other person.
Ha bana lo. 1 bje k aas pas ayenge.
He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
Hey!!! Pon sia!!! Naughty!!! Your sis leh?! Haiyo!!! Haha what hascool got to do with immature:P
Huh... U serious of poning ah... Deepavali not nxt wk meh?
Ji
Hmmm... Juz wondering when can meet for a chat...  :)
Thanks.
mil gai hais main sari hain?
I have to make shampoo and shower before
Btw the new drawing done and I put it on your desktop le.
Hi Colin, hope to see you at The Warren in about an hour?  It's ok ifyou will be late, just let us know.  Thanks, Min from the Warren.
Wat doin
Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards.
Kahan hai?
O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
jab marzi aja
Sure! Lan party style or lan shop style?
<#>
Haha ndu is the national diving unit, which is very unlikely since Icant swim. Air force unlikely too since I am short sighted heh.Practically im safe.
Haha yesterday lo.
Da where r u ?
Hey my fringe season 2 and ltm season 3 dl until where eh?
U come my house sit first lah.
Ya..its borng
Hee. Laogong standing, and thinking of my yeiyei wonderful bblp
I dun tink so...
I never. Is u. Haha.
Discussion I mean
Am going 2 hv sncks,2i asbi na 2?dats ok,i hv 2 go 2 oc,cz i dnt hv anytng 2 eat.i wnt ask u 2 cum,char
GETTING LATE TO OFFICE.
Thanx.. Heehee ur support is enough. :-)
Eh if I aint coming back hostel tonight,my parents should email orcall boarding?
Ahh drinking hot soup gimme 5 mins!
Hi , this is ur freshie frm algon. sry, didn't realise u called last =)
Cm 2 gurgaon k.
Tis rule canot b broken.y nt u gv mi ur number.n i wil tell u...
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Ya, ok for me... Erm can let me know the details like the level, timing for tuition, per wk how many times, pay wise n location? btw, the student is ur?
Address: sarbeswar boro path, yuvanagar, narengi, guwahati-  <#>  mobile no:  <#>  pan no: AUOPB <#> F
U buy harry potter oredi?
Where in abj are you serving. Are you staying with dad or alone.
Ohh dun think have bah! Haven't finish packing ~
Lols something that u r more interested in
Hi jeff asl pls
Ohh sorry I just got your message. We're outside the lab now!
Giving yourself a chore to remember names. Yeah hope it gets better. Whoa just move on seh.
I handed up. But I rem is <DECIMAL>
yaya... look a bit like kowk pang fai ok know liao .
Wh0 r u?..
The dum dum train 6 min den come
All the best for tml's results ar. Haha.
Ok dar. Luuub lyb u
Ohhh sadly. Finished cleaning?
Dear dear how is your checkup? My tuition cancelled coz she gotremedial in school.. :*
I tot I dun want 2 squeeze w e pple in MRT, so I take 97. Who noes e bus is so slow, like traffic jam like that. ARGH! Will be even more late. SorrySorrySorry..
U so bad leh... Call lor... U more impt mah...
Ok ok.. Let me kno wen to call
Any way around  <#>  odd lakhs.no problem.
If U Find A lover Better dan ME Go Ahead I Wont Stop U But Wen He Leaves U Luk Behind I'll B der With a big stone in my hand..!!:)
Lovable
Who are you.
Chey! I honestly feel sad for Edwin leh LOL.
Huh? Still dun wan to slp? Its already past 12! shld slp early if u wanna break your slp cycle!
opnet kar liya ha.
Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
Apply leave email who ar
Ok. Thanks for the advice.
Post! Hahahaha xD
wanna chat ? Intro pls....
Hee. I at lot one.. when reach yew tee tell me
Ok.  He's getting up soon. Will bring him out.
Ah no need thumbdrive bah. Can borrow from shop.
Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
Mrt stn
Our class will start tomorrow .My dear friend i hope your presence.
Ekkada me home
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
udhar lite ha
Which freeway? The  <#> ?
Sayang my bblg. Here here coming le
Hey guys, meet you all at 1415hrs @ somerset mrt station ok with you?
ll b quite bored waitin lor, if not i go myself lor... Or u can go orchard...
m gonna drop pretty soon. U on e fone again ah?
I going off at  <#>  I think.
eh.. now n then. he download more... hahs. why?
I was born with nothing, and I will die with nothing. The Lord gives and he takes away. May his name be praised ALWAYS! Job <TIME>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
I dont know eh. Should we? But then we play icebreaking games withaes student first?
Yeah lol
I'm really really sorry! I first had to do something and meant to tryto come but during finals I also got sick.. I'm so sorry :(
Eh ok.lol see u later.
ll pay up first lah then u all pay me later? Hee
Kit. Haha
Dun tell em i go out early to buy stuff again ah... Later they say i spend money again... If ask den say i go eat lunch k...
I choose cine 415... Cine seats better mah... Then we eating dinner out today?
You too! :-)
LOL YEAH HAHA (:
Kk how long more
Meet u tmr for lunch?
Haha I see mood 1 la, don't pressurise me. Mun ting, shiyi and brendatay all ae specialisation.
K
Went to ganesh dress shop
i dunno de.. i copy frm her old de
No lah, she didnt say. U didnt ask yj to go shopping with u? U let me noe when u be free lor.
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
chapter 8 main sirf root locus hi ha na? vectors or complex number to nai ha?
s e nxt date...
Abe uski bidng khatm ho jaegi
Will be back abit later!
Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
Eating at 2?
Haha okay (: my dinner starting soon too!
Ah have wat why
haha. ya lor.. he should be ok unless suddenly got meeting.
No la jus dun wanna stay home. Come my room 2nite la.
Hey timetable out!
Do u knw d meanin of dese words:*Girlfrnd*Lover*Wife*Ex-GirlfrndVery Simple:*Pre-Paid*Post paid*Lifetime*Missed call .!!! xD
Aiyo! Its OK.. free the lab and get on with the day..
Chalega ya nai
Hi we meet in PGP in half an hour
Got red riding hood. Thriller
So little ppl? Sianz. Zijri le?
Cd
Aiya i think u're exempted from a biz com module. That mod teaches uon presentation, proposal writing etc. But nvm, if u really want, lookup for workshops organized by nus. There're many sent via email thatcan help to improve soft skills one.
Yeah =/ I was gonna go for Dragon knight since they use pole arms butapparently they're just awful too -.- I was gonna make a BM and saw Ihad  new beginner... bad choice -.- also, you HAVE to wear the stupidowl head and stuff cause you need every boost
Wan to join us at sca there tonight?
Hee:-) yes my sweety.. u also!! The bread I finish le. Ding ding da ding ding.
Ya! Must go ar
See you at
Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
Hahha.  Ya lor. Not bad la. The few nights paid off.
Depends on where u going lor.
LOL OH I FORGOT TO TELL YOU I DECIDED TO REMOVE MY PHONE FROM MY COM.
God should help..
Oops hehe yeah I just checked with Chester! Meet at 7?
Guai lan ))))))':
Thank you darling...
What! How is c major difficult! I think its the easiest one when Iwas trying the rest o.o haha I'm looking for it now! Ooo okay!
Running to a place for their food, meet at La Val's
Yeap yeap.its like the cheapest dslr I can find la.hahaha.
He is OK with  <#> . Want to discuss another thing he mentioned inemail. Please call
From Hehao!!!!:D are you going to be late:D
today no meeting rite?
Wah, camera phone ... Lucky gal.
?
Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
re meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
Nokia <#> i
m watchin today....
Am in room
:p my phone bo $$:(
Have they up loaded the example? Nadee :)
Yraaaaaaaaaa
Nishanth Sudharsanam  <#>
m dreading work tonight. What are thou upto tonight.
Ohh icic hehe oops!:P why aren't you glad, he's scary!
Oh sry my mistake
Oh neo. He saw the msg?
Hahaha icic! But I woke up then cannot sleep! Ask himsoooooooooon!!!! Where did you walk????
K:)now i'm in saidapet.
Oh my sorry!! I fell asleep again!! Haha what's the photo taking for?I had an awesome nap:P haha well got you can le!!(:
Yeap
Lol im reminding you eh.
Thank you :-)
Sorry starving POTAYTO! I just saw this sms!
Dat acct support cgi lor... Me in sch now... 2 bored pple...
how are u
m jeff here.wanna chat?intro pls...
A very true thought of mine..鈥??
How are you/
It's on the second floor btw
Haha where de ramen?
I'm on my way
Have to forego on that.  Don really have the time to cont. Studying.
i am taking a nap. bored and nothing to do.
Hi, is your corsair 2gb ram under warranty? Will you sell it for  <#> ?
Hi Mr sim, Joel here. Stuart has the key. Hasn't he returned it toyou? I thought he knew he wasn't supposed to keep it overnight andpass it to u instead.
s nothin wrong lor... N said sorry if we r too insensitive lor...
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
Yeap
Lols something that u r more interested in
Hey qiuxuan, I just sent you an email regarding about theparticipants. Could you help me get it done by tonight?
What the..  so is group or indi?
U tell me by fri if u want to go to the bash anot. Okay? Haha.
Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
i going indonesia
Post!
Pass?
Eh sat u wanna meet what time? The biobiz thing supposedly until 2pmat chervons. So see u set a timing lor. Pc cluster open till 6 only onsat, if need be maybe 1 of us can bring laptop.
I book u on  <#>   <#>   <#> .
zhen.. u awake?
Mr zuhri, today there's  <#>  absentees today.
Orhhhh.means ur older than mi by 1 year.
Wat is it about? Do wat de? Haha
Msg 27: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<a3c4a6b05b76282d87f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2011.09.15 03:51:58
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
U are most welcome. thnks t 4 reminding me yr birthday. wish u many good years to come n forever young.
Goodmorning sir, will meet 5pm. 鈥㏒enthil-hsbc.
Buzy????????
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
How come eat so fast? How come e girls never help u? I must scold them..
hehe.. no lar just joking. Wo men dou you cuo. Bu guan shui cuo de duo shui cuo de shao,.. 4get abt it lar. Please? Bu yao zhe yang ma? Gimme some face. Can?
Dear pls call if free
You're stepping on my civil rights. AND IIIT'S AAAL MII-HI-HIIINE
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Ok... go together? You end at usual time right?
ll try later..thanx..
In class:)
Haha oh wells! Jio someone else! Haha okay!(: yay whee my bro isdoing tutorial now haha!
Hmmm. When are you free?
Yah bathe liao. Maybe later den eat lor. Now i half dead. Haiz..
we have to meet asap, bye
Its hdb! haha its ok Spencer going, Jens Karyee and hilda joining later!
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
I just sent an sms to him lah. Will update u again. Haha.
k, will find u when i reach sch
Ya her loh. Hor hor, i tell your bf. Haha. When he speaks, he likevery confident. Like very charamastic loh. Pls. I like girls okay,clara's voice is super duper sexy. No what, u're very calm whenpresenting. Overall good! Haha.
Tel yun 2 watch out.Dun tink she change her hp n her hse fone,she cn avoid me.No way.I wld camp at ur place tmr.Open ur eyes big n u wld c
m out 4 dinner liao... Haha, bt i recorded it. Oh ya, can i borrow ur tut 5 for stats tmr...
Haha but u got time 2 spare...
araha ho
Hello dahling! I'm dine with classes for the day, and just have                                   rehearsal <TIME> to 3. Love you! :*
What happened??
Yup walk over my house eh.
Hey honey. E don tey
Thks DADDY
Hey awesome! That's fast. Both of us right?
See can find people anot first eh.
Ard 1 like tat ba.
Yea buddies do play a big part. Hahas thks a lot pinky bro for urlife philosophy!
Hahaha paiseh! We dun want our exchange prog teachers to know so yeahhaha, aft that then go public bah! I thought you all along know gotsth liao haha!
s 180 for 3 mths... 12 lessons...
K:)k:)
Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
Anyone has a cultural or ethnic top i can borrow?
Sure thanks sir
Afternoon, our meeting point at the driving range.
Hey dad later I watching horror movie at  <DECIMAL> pm at tm with soh jie
i will be at home already. i meet u tomolo lah, will be free till 7pm.
Are you still in bishan
Wru
How's the fighting fish?
so the one u lost is it waterproof enuf? must b black watch or any colour
Ohh right okay thanks! (:
Hmmm... no4 and green socks, ptkit, admin and white socks, shoesslippers, toiletries, candles laces sewing kit, jackknife, mess tinscutlery, brush and polish and the usual sbo stuff. Dunno if I missedanything
Bahar aa Jao babu.
Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
Has your exam finished? If so, call me.
U <#> b. What backstage access?
But then you're abandoned =(
Lol Raffles place.zzz.if start liao u all take first I find u all later.b- keep for wat sia.shd just su oso.
Ya
hahaha oh no should record them all down:P haha is it, ok lor idm:Plater he'll be wondering who I am! Haha yeah damn far ><
joanne, do u wantto stay in hall next sem ??
m watching soccer n reading at e same time leh...
Of course! But I got sth weird. Balloted for 4 to 6 but it shows upas 2 to 4? Strange!
Chicken rice?
Ok, see ya in a bit
Hey I'm bored. Lol.
Hey, can u drop xy a msg wat u've done for the user activity partespecially the oca portion? If i'm not wrong, he wants to know whethera user can see he's in an oca group if he's.
Why le???
Lol extra 1 dollar nia, treat it as paying for admin fee laaa
Yay khr out le.
let see
Neh no werewolves yet. It's just witches and vampires for the moment. Deciding on what to watch lor.
Dun u feel like u hav no say in the relationship? U shld remind herthe previous time she wanted to break up. If this time so easytogether agn then nxt time sure same prob agn...
found my sec maths holy book
Hahaha you so pro! I want to play also): haha I dun think I will!
Do you need anything? Am at the mall.
Finish my presentation le three hours standing exhausted. Wat about you
Hi Ing Cheong, do you have the timing for tomorrow yet?  Thanks!
U guys going for the outing thingy?
I'm so sorry mom I didn't know you guys had everything set up u feelso horrible oh my God I'm really sorry, I love you and I'm reallysorry
dude! tune in to channel 5 now!!!
Let's go now
Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
Hahahaha that's always the case isnt it?
Np! When do you need it?
Okay can. Nvm. Haha.
In which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
Walking back now
Gal  <DECIMAL> , phi  <DECIMAL>  to  <#>
U outside?
think i didn't get ur email.. u mailed to where?
intro pls... Wanna chat ?
Yup
s orite. n.n fion not here yet too. I got a bk to pei me.hee-
yeah, that's what I was thinking
She makes a 6 with her hand gesture.. The headphns wch comes latr hav a 6 printd on thm
Oh im good hf bub
I would be late for 10 min
What the ._. Msn discriminating sia! Starhub also):
aiyo can go back anytime mah hehehe how much u selling?
Wat happen
ANGEL pls dun leave me alone.
Yeah I told her.
You sleep le ar? Can talk to you or not?
Sardar : Kal Raat nu party vch Main ik kuri da RAPE hn tu bachaya.... Dost :balle vai .... Par kaise?? sardar : Self Control yaar Self Control !!!
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
On train le more kisses
Girisha, I'm online.
Hey chuanwah, can pass down the zambak for ruyi and lynette?
I know! It was pouring tis morning.. anyone there yet?
:/ seems fine over here i'll check once whole system up
Aww. Looks like my next meal will be da western food. T.T
Okie!! coming ur way!!
What's up
Haha and im correct when I said there's replay mah
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Haha you got free messages eh. Spam so much.
Signals
Lol cos its a group thing I cannot finish it on my own.send everyone lor.haha.and ah neh oso if the rest are ok with it.
But arent we going ikea? You ready?
Shld be okay. If I'm late u all can start first anyway. U tell therest lor. I not in dl.
Pe tee long pants
Bring show
Oh no! My poor shevawnfa. I should teleport to Kirby for prom
*meh
Huh... No lah. I how to pon? Got presentation lor. What you talking abt? deepavali is next fri...
Nt nw.
You said to me before i went back to bed that you can't sleep for anything.
K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
Mm il see and let u knw,k tanx tc bs stdy wel
that's a beautiful business idea. I'd like to come on board
K
I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6
I see my previous tweet on Google Realtime! (The only domain that works is Google)
i get it
I need an urgent work to do.i will call you later or else i will come to your home.
Love it! The girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
Hey... I upload e pics oredi... U can go check ur mail...
Haha... All your exercise went down the drain... Oh, im on duty today. Nothing much to do so im cycling ard camp...
istamal karna hi nai aya...ungal kar raha tha lite off ho gai....C++ compiler required ha installation ke liye
Wen U Believe 'some1' Deeply, Misundrstding Arises.. bt dont fight4 it Bcoz sum misundrding is needed 4 gud undrstding Its a lifes secret... good n8. sweet dreams
Hi Andreu, can u find something from intenet about desciplin 2 say at assembly 2moro.
K:)k..
Now my schedule very impromptu. Sundays shld be fine. Tml morninguntil 1 also fine. No need pro la, but at least be able to rally.
Mark please answer
At the bedok reservior carpark.
Free demo. I only know visio for windows. U can check the msdn library for it
Shall be 10-15 min late.
Yeah right. I bet your thinking FINALLY this bitch will leave me alone I should NEVER have given her my num!ber
Hey you going for lect ?
www.nus.edu.sg then click on students. What time is your results? Hmm.. who to ask about the outing? When are we watching? This weekend? And thanks for the book!
Me so sleepy n bored...
KEEP SMILE ALWAYS.
Rice!
Haha alright!
Vodafone 3G request no.  <#>
Kaha he bhai
Tere dosto ko bahut jo line marta hun
Alcohol add hbr and heat get wad
Yea whatever jus dun fall sick! Hahas how were ur exams
Haha enduku poyinduka?
You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
s da model num of ur phone?
Y.. U dnt luv him.. I think he's mre gud than me 2 u ......!!
Hey shall we go for fair game in ea tonight?
Okay. Noted.
sahi ha...yahan bhi around itna hi ha agar accessories poori na hon to
Jens is a good  <#> m runner. I got  <#>  min for napfa lols. Sorrybut u put me in handball I sure join haha
Yeah xP
Lol then I walk over eh. No one's at your house right?
Shweta was guessing.. so you got Sunethra s number?
s mit. Wad time gd for you? Leon gng later by himself.
Haha. So qiao. But my lesson bound to end early one. Hmm.. Where isyour 3 to 4 class? Tut at Biz2?
Lols he got Chinese. Okay set cya
Sorry d v seriously forgot
Kk c u.
I leaving home soon, meet u where??
Lol gd sia got 2nd prize.
K see you in a bit
I am in train
Yeiyei I just wake-up. Now go bathe.. no need morning call.hee. kiss u!
Ü2 got sale got 50 off store wide...
Comets and meteor hitting earth? Idk lols
:D
Hi Ricky, can I get a firm date and time for the bathtub polishing?We are still waiting for your people to fix this outstanding itemsince 3 weeks now.  Also what about the other items that I mentionedearlier?  Please reply.  Thanks
Ha I know! I eat 3 ball ony
yeah
Lunch?
then come ys find me! haha haha. dear u all eat first k
tired!!!!!!
Post!
Hey people, I just realised camp is up in 3 weeks time and there areso much stuff I havent do. Can I meet you all on monday 1pm in sch?
Sure... Her number is 97266484.
Y ü not going to sentosa tmr?
Sunta hun
Okok no prob.
Yup. Saw it and reading now. Thanks.
Okay she says only after work.
Ok.wil b there at  <DECIMAL> . Mahela run out. <#> ,  <#>  ovs
Yupps (:
Lol kk
Lol.its IT outsourcing secrets.tats the general topic then if we wan we can narrow down.nid to find clients n vendors to interview.lol.u can recommend the frenly vendor sitting beside if wan interview too.hahaha.
Lol there isn't a direct bus I'm better off walking. And i tried with the old one, the seat itself isn't too bulky. I'll notify when i head over to the library
Yep confirmed  <#>  so dinner 5+?
Bui wat free electives u wan to take huh? I still ned one from a1 to a6 u wan to take tog?
Yeah,i dont have leave on sunday nights.
Oh ya... climb in or get another form frm monica?
Np (:
Huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...
m at simply thai... Havin my lunch break now...
For Kochi
but i got nothing to eat there
Hahaha ownself code.but tats like the whole project lo.
Aight, I'll come soon
Hi i m selling new yr cookies. $15 each u interested?
ve booked the pilates and yoga lesson already... Haha
Dear u reach where le?
Awesome!! Thank you! :-)
E learning got wad
Hahahaha HAO!
Wel u did woke up early today... so what did u had for lunch?
How's work?
Ok!
Ya eh hey I realised today gt no lesson at science... so later meetat lecture?
Coo' thanks yo
how the module ?
Paine may be for mumbai
HAHA YUCKS TENG HIANG IS SO FREAKED OUT LOL WHEN DID YOU ALL REALISE?HAHA I DUNNO MAYBE COZ NO MORE 2 EXAM DAYS
Oh ill back gate?
You can take from under my ct bench, the transmitter is chargng next to the pillar
i miss big cuc cung alot
No as in to the dinner hahaha! Yeah I dun think I will wear it everagain :P haha yeah I guess so but I got no top to go with it either!Hahaha
Alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  <#>  mins
ll transfer u my 1kg... I so envy u... Haiz...
Ok lor... Go out walk walk then wun b fat... Hee... Then wat time ü wan to meet... Aft lunch?
So now he sleeping at which room? I at je now. Later go northpointbuy straw then coming over.
Ur frnd s sayn dat bcz he doesnt hv an awsome electronic dict lyk ours. He is probably thnkn of buk type dict .i hvnt touchd hard dictionary frm da day i got n <#>  !(in 9th clas)
Thinkin about someone is all good. No drugs for that
They all waste:)
K, wat s tht incident?
LOL its okay!!! Its late leh!!!
Oh. What happened?
Andu clement has cum,he's asking of u..Cum soon
Ptc se.. Invstmnt krni paray gi. Initial invstmnt $ <#>  hai..  <#> $ ki golden mmbrshp hai . Is k baad referrals rent krne hotay hain. Refrals k difrnt packs hotay hain. Sb se high  <#> refs ka hai  <#> $ ka. U can buy 1 pack each 6 dayz. In Goldn membrshp max refs u can hv is  <#> . 4 months lg jatay hain  <#>  tk pohnchne mai. But if u reach thr u wl earn  <#> k per month . And u wl also hv ur invstment back
Haha why not! My cousins are nice! Haha icic! I was sleeping!
ehh? Dun mention that to them bah! Just say it was working properlythis morning! Haha the website says 1 hour max wor! Yeah I wassleeping just now! Until I started relying you again! (:
1 min
Sounds like a plan to me! Then a nap
Walking over now, it's not that far lah
pata ha koun sa ha?
Lol go stalk on more people eh. Oh ya help me find nice android widgets. :-D
I just need one for each show on Saturday! I'm not sure about my momgoing yet. I'm leaving right now. Love you!
Oh can. For the charges, you can contact sheena. I think she alreadysettled the charges right?
Ya as long as below  <#>  it's fine. But if you're worried you cantry adding a fan in front before deciding whether to get a newcase...
Later I finish le see where u guys are??
Haha celebrating my sis birthday with plum wine sia! you Neh? neversee u online these few days leh
Sup
LOL you're the one who said it!!! Argh!! Haha next time show you!We're at John little!
Anna is my dictionary wit u? Or hav u given me?Bye.Gud nite da.God bles u *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Hahaha ask him if he saw it coming! Haha yeap my first nc <#>  showyou know HAHA sophie and friend said i'm v slow haha! Ooo so they areskilful! XD haha icic! Sian training in an hour): haha I shall help mydad plan nz trip itinerary for awhile!
Haha.. Uni talk.. :)
Haha okay can. No problem.
How do u do?
Nope still at t3!
Thanks daryl! Merry christmas to you too!
Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
I thk they cut short hair nicer...
Wats in dat txt file?
In the cab. Be there in 15 mins. 2320hrs
Heck la dun do first. Eh ur holiday how long ar
s present ar.
No personal reason.  <#> % national security reasons.
Hmm OK.  I ll see you at around  <#> .
I am fine. Using Modern Family to entertain myself. How bout you? Your mom just gave in?
s houses.Ü got bring ür dog along?
Yeah lo. But quite hard to la. Always can't use the set in honour. Bass and guitar i can spam at home haha. How's your guitaring.
Yeap ^^
Oh Kk nvm then
Oh?eh but y research paper must go school write.y cannot stay at home roll on bed and write.lol.sounds more relax leh.hahaha.I m actually quite free ah.like anytime.lol.
"Start work in name of JESUS... Do work vth help of JESUS... Finish work vth thanks 2 JESUS... bcos He dcides, gvs n maks evrythng possble." .GOOD EVNG.
Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
Oh is that so!!! -pulls your cheeks- haha I think ok la but I willcannot stop thinking of arp and sc if I'm still involved then haha. Ehhaha not sure. Occasionally got take care of me bah! Haha I am reallybad at it! Last time my class we first got addicted to it afterplaying at my hse, aft that always go this pro guy's hse to play cozhe got 2 sets! Okay! :D
Haha omg!! You're fast! Hahaha okay okay! (:
Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.
Haha cannot always make you wait de not very nice! But uhh I need todrop by staffroom!
Still!?
Hey, i'll make minor adjustments for e file for dispute display intransactionhistory.aspx. Just fyi but i'll do it at night coz i've alec in e evening. Anyway, good luck for your audit presentation.Haha.
Haha why not. Overcome your shyness eh. XD
Just reach
Oo.. maybe I stay in school awhile.. talk to u later. Movie now. Hee
F
hope you like the stuff. please drop me a rating on yahoo when you are free.
Den u wan short one or long ones... I ate oredi... Bought one bbq chicken n cooked potatoes, veggies...
Haha dunno she woke up them keep telling him to move away and coverblanket until I wake up, then she ask me turn off his com! Haha yeahkeep missing each other but finally caught le right XD haha ooo havefun! I have cp later): haha tmr sat right? Okay! (:
Lol why got after one. I mean before.
Lol kk
Ya! Bout  <DECIMAL>  reach
Hmm I dun think I can make it but if you all want can just meetfirst! :D I ask timo?
Hey! So this is the only time I can really memorize stuff before theflute rehearsal, so I'm gonna go do that. I love yew very much andI'll text you in a little bit :)
I bought sunflower!
Eta?
P
Ur Monday din go one got minus? Hmmm see wat craving we have tml!Lol... haha ya lo u got 2 other show to watch! Lol so touchietouchie~~~ give.u another virtual kiss *muack*
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
<EMAIL>  u'r mrinal na?
Any plan for later?
ok, i will leave here in 10mins
Eh pedal box how? Cos if send for oxide coating then send today already.
m on e bus already. Almost reaching. Er... Meet ü near lt 26 can.
Ok, good night babe
Bout wat time reach
I love you more than you love me no returns! I miss you more than youmiss me no returns! Love you momma, let me know how the surgery goes=)
K:)
read only memory ?  hahHa. what context?
I don't get it leh. What 5 distinction B+ all A2? Haha.
Yeah!!! So excited! ! Where u now?
Bro, can you call my mom and tell her I will call her tomorow the internet resets on the 1st
dear on train le ma?
wonderful
Yup i msg her but she din reply... leona lei...
good morning
Hi da pls reload my number da.have no single cent..bye.god bles u.. Virginie *A/L results on your mobile - sms EXAMS <INDEX No> to  <#> *
Here. Flying kisses for u!! Reach home then I tell u.
Yeah I know. Didn't want to go in too early haha
Yup I suggested the date and time so I'll make it by hook or bycrook. Need help?
Hmmm got already ? Cos bang rui say they dun have... if have I tinkjust remove it bah
Anything ba
Hi hi hi friend!!! Are you at ocs? This is cheryl yeow!!!
I'm busy right now. I'll call you later.
Aw
Oops I'm at highschool but I forgot to bring it along. Tomorrow then
I got a good grade on my television paper!
Think of a plan
ll b reaching in 10 mins time.....
5 short aur krne hain abi.
Hello, this is a test sms, hope it will work.
Wat grade u got for ss midterm ar?
No leh...she nv call me leh...
Leo asked wanna play mahjong anot. Haha
I KNEW IT!
Ohh no I'll be late sorry! Just left house!
Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
yes dear.  when reach home i tell u
Eh I think 6 leave
She found me
He speaks eng -.-
Bhai try kar na 3 bje tak tym he
hi madam.... aa gai hamari yaad :p
Hmm not so early I guess. If im not at home then pass to my parentscan? Thanks!
I yest go only den Cant stay over. Erm train near east side?
Watching Tron: Legacy again #tron #tronlegacy lalalalala
Huh... Dun have... Nvr open or wat...
Hahhaha wait after warranty bah XD
u should get it too
Dunno less than  <#>  bucks bookshop out of stock today :/
Okay
2 naughty
Less than friends? WHY
Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
what time u free?
K
I need it in case for emergency, because of games mah.
Lmao sleeping do la. Kk cya 2moro. Wan gym earlier at  <DECIMAL>
Ok. Nt yet waiting for hl
Sorry love D=
Stupid siyi... Rem to bring my ring on sun ah...
awsome! His sheep hear His voice. It is not fantacy! Hold on. Thankyou for sharing. GBU.
Lol eh not online sibo.lol.
Sayang u. Kisses xoxoxox
yar ns2 .the network simulator ha na
Hi mom we might be back later than  <#>
t u think?
U r a singer..
Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
Ok next time txt only after you've had a few.
Chotto matte. I going pasir ris to pass something to my buyer laterleh... hmmm you at woodlands now?
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
Haha only to certain matters bah.
我在上课
Go Geylang eat.
Ok sweett. I love u too
Den hw wil u spnd time wid me?
Lol not at home lol.ok I try use fone book.
Reach hm tell me k. Mug
K..k.
When coming back?
For studying de loose daa
You sure? You said gotta pass me today?
Hi all pleas b present@ <TIME> pm tomoro(tuesday  <#> th august) to sing at 6pm mass.Tc.Pls tel malcolm. *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
Hahaha ohh right noo wonder I thought sth was off! Still eating!!!
I go bathe first. U can ard 2.
O. Hf caveboi
I don't think you do
Orh! Iproject nw muas. Presentation how
Why? Then 2moro how own ubin? I tink u train to strenuously le
Jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. Foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)
It's okay. There's only me waiting sylvia went to walk ard withdecki. I'll wait for u and shuling then.
my hp warranty card lost. so how?
yea well im glad you are making moves
Come come
Fabian packing bag for capetown, xt working, lynette at yx house.
Haha.. You no cravings?
Cus they need go visit my ah ma den my dad flying at night
Thanks:DDDDDDD
Where are you day?
Eh haven eat yet haha going to soon... hmmm feel like eating subwayhaha... lol i tot u r trying to say got enuff slot lol... must go findand take.those unearthly hour lo
ll mail her den...
I feel quite sian.. how abt i just pass u the cd and i take home use cases to do?
<#>   <#>
Chillonnumilla....macha ente thunder bolt ilaki
All right. I ll do that fully. Thanks!
Haha if I say i'm not will you want me to go down?:P haha if you arebored and nothing to do I can chat with you awhile ma!
Call me back
Hey when can send me
Why u dun go back first den go fetch her at 6?
Huh? Wads rag day?
wanna go to supermarket?
Lols tts the pinky bro I knew! I also suck at all ... Sianz when cca start
Hey are you angry with me. Reply me dr.
In one min. Soon...
I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
Wait, maybe u2 is better
Hey when is physics test
Haha dunno leh I smsed my dad to ask he haven't reply! ok ok I callhim now to ask!
Yup
Haha.. ok.. then we just see what's nice..nice planning..:-)
I'm in tut 7.
Later meet what time?
I'm trans-communist.
Lol kk see ya later =)
Yup yup. Thanks for the reminder:-)
think abt this.  when she get bf, then  will she want ppl to  look at her  on the street? she did not think  hard enought
Okie... Just let me noe when u r done..
Kaiez... Cya den...
"Not really"
which company are you working for?
老公，你真的好好啦！ will 好好补偿你的。hugs. reach home le let me know..
Hahaha because I will be in bss. Thought maybe I can help you.
i mean tmr night. Haha.
To jaldi aao na
OK.
Yeah kay count me in.
Happy birthdayyyyyyyy.lol.
Of course I remember. Maybe we can meet next week?
Lol umm I think you can transfer me the money if you want haha savethe hassle.
Hahaha I saw it! ooo ask those ppl with this year's orientation shirt!
Okay can.
are you free tonight?
Bring money
Hmmm Friday shld be okay but go in morning? Cus need eat dinner with family
Okay. Go before or after class? Need to wear formal?
han
$ <#> . Yes. Haha.
Anywhere
Cool, text me when you're parked
I dunno, I thought the wireless signal is bad!
Nly aftr my mbl gt chrgd. It got swtchd of b4 bcz f no chrg.. It has 2 b chrgd ful. Nly aftr dat i cn cal u..
Eh Joel and I continuing
Hahaha yeah! They were like talking to each other non stop hahaha omgand when we left tgt they suddenly disappeared!!! Haha omg are yousrs:o shock!! I wonder how yankang will feel hehe! Ooo I hope yourdinner was filing! I'm super bloated from mine ): sorry super latereply, I was with Chester all the way! Just reached hostel, gonnabathe! I dun feel like turning on my com later, if you free laterwanna call?:P
Ooo okay!
Is it d peterite carols play?
Rege achs??
Something wrong with ur connection?
m going back to yck ah... Ü wait there
Wow. Great Girisha. :-). Hope to see it when u come to sl.
Well they want to get a new video camera o.o
<#>
m not goin too, got tests nxt wk oso,my tests is nvr ending lor since sept, haiz. Okie, jia you!
Lol was it pang long who answered the question durring lsm lectture?I now watching webcast so funny lol
hi shweta darling, how are you?
The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ <#>  worth tonight if possible
take e seats or else 2 late kena bei ren jia ba zhan le. Anyway, good that u printed? What a relief!
godspeed.have a nice journey
LOL WHY YOU GO TONIGHT HAHA TMR NO SCH HAHAHA
FINE THEN THERE
Eh got wad hmwk?
Sorry, miscalled
Yeah still watching. Nothing else to do mah. Ohh then stay in hostel lorr
K:)k:)
Why not going? Aft exam le
India took some great catchs :-)
Seeteng and i going over to science now. Wanna join us?
My drive can only be read. I need to write
Happy birthday hanlin!! :-D
Reaching home soon! Are you like at my doorstep now?
Haha   okay loh. Nvm.
Jus tired la. WHY WHY U SAY I AGGRO? WHY?
About it
Kk
Bhai kal sh0p pe jada busy tha yaar.. Sun tje ip0d shufle chalega?.. Wo ladka keh raha he ki tu mera ek pr0dct reciev karke mujhe bhej by c0urier n tera jo pr0duct ayega uske paise mat dena mujhe.. Tere pas 2 adres he jahan tu wo 2 item mangwa sakta he?.. Ek pe uska item n ek pe apne 2 item ayenge ek ip0d n ek ps3 ka game.. Ip0d tu rkhna game me rkhunga
going to do my tutorial at CL. call me when your class ends.
Can can (: didn't ask anyone!
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Seems like will be late for movie later.lol.
Mike says anyone after three =o
Lols u all lock me out siaz
Eh like 3/4 lol.when u meeting stewart ah.
Lols my ticket no. Won nth!
Hihi my battery low! So may not be able to contact me later x.x
You all will be there until what time?
Lol bring them the next  time we meet. I will be able to solve it. XD
Yup
Haha... As long as e person who likes her dun mind can liao lor... K lor... Den thurs meet... Eh so where u workin now...
Hi~~~ are you free tonight~~ *wink wink*
Sir, i am on the way to your office.   鈥㏒enthil-Hsbc.
I dont know. I am supposed to inform her when I am done,but I havent done so yet.
Haha totally that's a good plan!
m not crazy abt e bmi thingy ok.Sheesh i juz missed e designated meal hours.
Yes I can
Hmm, do you have any idea what historical example I could write aboutbesides Thomas Edison on the topic of success coming from hard work?
Do not buy food for me...I took
Wtf u all Bo jio!
Cause leo needs stay abit longer then it will be better if gotanother player to sub him.
m gonna bug u.Irritate u.Can?Wat show u watchin?
Not much, just chillin, what about you?
Were u @
hahahaha. ya lor. can come home early also..
No I mean I thiiink you should be able to transfer to wells fargo,I'm googling around haha
Train le dar
I tink there were....But it was too crowded...Haha
True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
Ya... next wk? When r ü free?
Haha whatever it is, its still stupid to ask us in the assignment.The last part of the assignment always ask personal qns, but dontexpect a real personal ans.
Ya the one u taught. Nxt week still gymming?
<#>
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Joel took. We walk around to video everyone's reaction!
I vil sleep da
But its primary alc le
Is that day after tomorrow or next week?  And yes,  <#>  pm is good
Bet you smell yourself. House himself is a much more interesting character alongside with the people around him whom are made more interesting becus of House himself.
Isn't that bad for my heart heehee! Haha haiyo you really love himalot sia haha! Haha dun need, if you are having chalet should enjoyyourself to the max so just sms me if really free okay! Haha I sleptand when I got up just feel damn weak haha!
u have fun too!
Ask bernard lor, I'm passive.
I doing tut now, so see u tmr lah... Anyway tmr is our 2nd mth together... Ok lah, sleep early n gd nite...
Philly Billy. We're hanging out tonight. Just a heads up
K. I ll call u when it gets closer & we can make some plans 4 the day. Looking forward 2 seeing u & spending some time 2gether.
Nope. Now going Tamp
Haha.. ok . u ah.. watch so many matches.. Then we meet at fridaylor. coz after that i got lesson. dun come  too late k
s going wat...
6pm.
Hahahaha never mind, you all heng im such a friendly person CD
U doing the formatting now right? Actually, i've one last amendmentto make. So i wait for u and integrate mine at night?
Haha oh yeah sutd is damn far from you! Haha pandan reservoir there?I ate at the hawker centre there before! There's a direct bus to myhouse I think but it loops alot so take quite long! Haha no that's notthe best yet haha:P
Hi Andreu i think v can talk 2moro. Good nite. May God bless u.Got the leter?
Mum not going robinson already.
Yes anna i rchd safly.By
This guy!
ok.. u  b4  <#>  will reach?
Yei yei!! Thank you for being so wonderful to me! It's so niceholding u... get home safe ah.. tell me when u reach..
error
U configure oredi not...
Lol i mean the magnetic series. Haha what is the company name now?
She doesnt need any test.
What's that
Ok
I'm really glad.. so lucky I met <name> and took her friends.-. XP
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
Match started.india  <#>  for 2
Ya, if your modem is not far away from your pc, you can just pull acable from modem to pc jiu okay le.
Bye bye ms American pie lalalalala
Nope! Haha okay:P woo yay!! ((: hahaha chinese is terribly boring):i'm going to fail chinese!
How r u gonna go sentosa tom?
Why can't? Hmm cus I alone sure wont study. Wan meet swimming pool at <DECIMAL> ?
So nxt year taking again?
Tmr wan go Javier house cny?lol.
I feel blur ~
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Hmmm... U wan i lend it to u lor, thk i dun nd la, i wan my notes more... Gee... Oh, e coasters 4 cow u wana share? I was thkin of gettin cups 4 her too...
Ya lo. I cant even pass ippt now.
Haha stagnant.. Lol.. Nothing much now la, cuz got school..
Haha sorry can't >< my exchange is in less than 2 weeks x.x need toprep performance):
Xy trying smth now. U eat already? We havent...
Ok
Ya... I reached home oredi... U comin?
Hey babe, my friend had to cancel, still up for a visit ?
Hey so mei haven got e frame huh... Do we nd to get it den?
Bruddah u book Joel and me den on not?
LOL what okay haha I don't know! I'm not gonna eat much though!
Ask Ryan they all?
MAKWA
Dear I reach home le! Hee. Eat ur supper! Muackss
Got it!
Oh k enjoy:-)
I see haha.. soooo sorry love
What haha so I have to do it again next year ._.
Yup..print lliao...on the way to sch...wassup?...need to make changes?...
Ok then. See u in like an hour.
Haha liddat ur efficiency decrease lo lol.... got arh... dunno y nomood play game lol... so poor thing T.T.. it is common to get cramp demeh lol
Alright, keep me updated
wel gal im in gamma nt long
Meeting
Girls only but when guys are good, i'll praise also and he's reallygood. U hardly find such good speaker in soc. Btw, are they a couple?Haha. Send to me then i send to her. Okay, they nvr say they want.Actually, they're good pple also. It's just tt asking ques is part ofparticipation as well. This one u must get use to it. Haha. Aiya, udon't say u missed out, we won't know as well. Seems really calm onappearance. I've seen many who are worst then u.
Haha thanks (: i'm okay lah, just cannot control just now eryi:P
Haha okay! Ooo hahaha I suppose you're on the bus now or sth right!What's up! You played bball?
Not a shuttle. Public bus. Cus I used google map and apparently you gotta take a thirty min bus ride from the pasirris mrt stn to get to the chalet. Bring! Just for me!:))
Hey if possible can u mail me sql software now?
Ok thanks, love.
Ok!!
Yes baobao!
gd nite 2.was abt to msg u.sweet dreams
Lol (Y) but frequently have earthquake what someone should have had lots of footage alr. Most cam they mount on the building can put dampner or smth
Eh friday got live band lol
Why?!
Wat time going back
Sorry! Yeap ok (: see you soon I hope! If not I'll try to see if canfind time v during or aft convo rehearsal (:
Eating now?
Really? Jesus that's horrible
Haha. Oic. So u must hv put on lots of wt loh. Me ar? Nv loh. Little oni. Ke lian sia.
Yesh?
Wah lau...u better not be smelly later...go and bath i tell u...meetme at vending machine outside toilet there ok?...
E girls ask whether u all can meet at  <#> am tml for our mnodiscussion instead?
Ok!
Can't make it tomorrow evening da. I have meeting followed by class from 5 pm
calls all
I dun tink so ba!
Lab is sig. Even Linux not installed. Just windows XP. Filled theform. Don't bother coming
ours short range, theirs long range
Okay can. Rest well at home.
Hi Sue, sorry for the late reply.  Yes, I did transfer the funds of<#>  to Desmond on  <#>  Jun; its shown on my bank statement with thesame bank account number as for the May transfer.   Hope that helps.
WE WISH YOU A HAPPY MARRIED LIFE
Sorry now then c ur msg. Me doing nothing.
ok ok i go book court then confirm wif u
Ok sure
Hi Sue, just want to confirm valued coming up now, between  <#> : <#> . Thanks
sorry i will be late.
Lols okay!
canteen
I just woke up. So wat time u free to come out?
She left it very vague. She just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. But checking online now and all places around usc are  <#>  and up
Ya.Jos calld me juz nw mt thrus la.How r u?
So i could kiss and feel you next to me...
Very tired..
Haha I stay in boon lay! Ps haha! Woohoo I haven't finish packing._
NO I REFUSE TO CAVE TO YOUR PUNS ANY LONGER
Lol uber cheat sia.eh ur strategic is how? I got b+.lol alot of pple get A- leh.
I know. Well I get my tax refund on Thursday so if they cut it off it won't be for that long.
Reached room?
Huh?
Help me collect if I nt therew
I'm free after  <#> pm. Haha
Haha how did you top up your card? Cash?
what
Count me in.
My lesson  <DECIMAL> pm, bout  <DECIMAL>  leaving.
Hey hey. Just to confirm, tmr im meeting you 2pm at tanjong pagar burger king?
Okay!
Haven lol... still meeting... opps! Die le! Later cannot go liao waithe take knife wait for me at the door...
Really... Where? No la, i stop chatting long ago... Aiya, but tis time u torture ur juniors, so not tt taxin la... Gee...
hee, kiss my yeiyei! win more my laogong! 爱你多一点！
Only seeteng going with u.
Nice!
Haha I think so lol. Thanks for reminding haha.
Hey =)
*i
wAT sONG dO u wANT 2 lISTEN?
Hee! Why wonderful ah my equally fabulous wifey? Hug me more i want! Xoxoxoxo
So eat out? ^^
Wat kind of fren would u be, if u were to leave when ur absence doesn't matter
Same haha
Can ?
U in sch later?
Hahaha
Next next week think okay. You can email me also.
ROLLIN can chat wif u anot?
we are sitting near the back door there..come find us hor
11 ? 21st right? yah. They are.. my batch all 2nd time. Most passed... Study first lah. Later then say. Eh lets study st together?
Hanging out with my brother and his family
tomorrow meeting her.... not free
WHAT. LOL. .................
De@r so u got meeting later?
Yea.
Dunno leh. Oh omg do you have my erasers?
Haha okay (: orh I shall look for it! Hahaha>///<!!! Ehh haha butit's like those everyone say de, the adorable but ugly LOL.
Started last week or last few weeks! Then got like 5 exams this weekwhoa:o haha then where did you go! Haha he dl le, I shouldn't havegiven him the place to dl._. He is playing the  <#>  hour version mygoodness then keep playing with MY pillow and bolster with his legs!!!Cannot stand it!!!
Hello, my love ! How went your day ? Are you alright ? I think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... I LOVE YOU! Can you hear it ? I screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. Ahmad al Hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*
Are u going to show your OTP function tml? I saw what u stated inivle, i'm quite confuse with wat is your plan tml. We agreed upon thatwe won't be showing the admin features during e 2nd sys release right?So integration wise, wat m i suppose to do? Right now, i don't knowhow your OTP is going to work, wat does OTP gonna do with admin?
I told ruby to come on whenever
Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
Lols meet up aft jus holidays?
Don't buy a CD.. Plz buy a red pen..
$ <#> , <#>
faizan kazi ka number send kar yara
Haha.. Ahh well :)
Do u need the car later?
Harry potter
Ye unki khubiyon ka asar hai, jo wo itney acche lagte hai, Jab wo kehte hai ki waada hai mera, Jhoote wade bhi sache lagte hain.. Tc gn misd u hasu..
Wah do wat? Come DB then we go back together lo
Lol okay im going home to check da facebook already.
Thanks Kapil. HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
Don't worry, got caught by prof Seah okay. By other ME dept staff den jialat.
Haha. Okay okay.
ADD ME AS NEIGHBOUR!!!!!
What time shall we meet?
YOU ASKED ME TO EAT LUNCH FIRST LOL!!! AT BEACH ROAD MARKET THERE YOUCAN COME IF YOU WANT!
Ok I'm at com1 already
True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
Pinky brother I wonder whose bday izzit? Happy bday now can gocheerleader and find gals!
Btw when you see my grandma later, say yo! She'll yo back :D
I know but dun nid heat wad. Erm socl2 for wad
jay chaow? he is the kind of RnB in   asia
No I'm set
Hi what doing?
No its a regular beer bottle
S:.
Haha I believe you know the place. Haha it's at the underpass.
yay okay!! Friend is asking him!! Hahaha you all dun mind ah!
My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
Wat exactly happen... Y suddenly lk tt...
All my stuff is at Mike's =( =( =( =( I'm sorry =(=(=(=(
i think u shd think more bout academic benefits thn $.. i dun wan u to spend much money on me oso.. ya, havin break now, gonna eat le.. Ü
I msged my fren liao... Pendin reply...no nd to treat la, small matter only...
Darling dearie yei yei end le mah?
hello sis,are you in home this morning,i need to meet you asap
I see bout it! Probably can! :D
dear today i dun join u for lecture can? then i meet u after lecture
I am leaving from my house. what are you doing? still sleeping or woke up 8:00am?
Hahaha I am leo! Btw if can, bring your hard copy down tmr eh. :D
Haaha. Today u what time?
Nah brah!
JUST LIKE PROMISES
Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
tomorrow but always.
i am fine tks
Think you can head over to clementi mall now.
Hi ben I think my mum needs an appointment to extract tooth, anytimeafter ur exams?
No lab! Hee hee...
Yah, most prob i wan to go out. But i haven asked anybody yet cos it seems that there s not much interesting place to go.
m ok w it...
J2ta ami amar bucket ta k valobsi,,j ek muhurte ota k fele dite pari
Khalid <#>
Thks! Sx Ryan will go rite?
Ru in kaju rum
Oh oh. Yeah please help me tell them. Thanks!
Still waitinv. Done le tell u
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
We should learn Karuk
ON THE WAY BACK ALREADY. I TREATED MY MUM DINNER AS WELL. DID U CALL UR MUM TODAY
<#>  am I think? Should say on syllabus
No lo I will still be late T.T.. go out too late le llah lol
Hey, i can see the slides. Maybe i'll check out e animations tmr. Unot including e garu yukl paper is it? Thanks anyway.
How's mummy now
Markapur ra
Thanks!
It's okay, we'll hang out loads when I come back =)
Monday, im get this meeting
i  can add slides for them but dunno gt time to cover or nt
K . I vl cal.
you loh... just send you over to drive them crazy
Yeah go there for a while then go straight back home.
Heehee oops! Never check phone!
Ur doggy ar so naughty... Mess up his whole house... Y da egg still got so much...
Wats sia.la sap 1 sibo.hahahaha.shd be free ba.
Ta poh now. after this go to work loh. have your lunch? Don?t too angry. Angry will be old old. Don?t worry be happy
Woot! Ok I go Dbl check
yes 2 both qtns
Lol rain now means later confirm good weather leh haha
On train le.
Im starting your order now.
S.that too for  <DECIMAL>  cr.very expensive.
Like nothing leh I jio bowling nobody respond T.T...
26th OF JULY
=)
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
When r u going to be over
skipping rope, speed bag and sand bag oso...can?
Lor marzuki, 51a. Eunos exit turn right, go straight den turn left after the corner temple. Turn left to lor marzuki.
Farrer road, wollerton park
Rainbow!!!! Ehh cannot ah!? last time my church not bothered by that at all!
Hmm not so soon bah I believe. Unless they called me up forinterviews for commando or other special units like ndu or air force.:-(
Yup. :)
HAHAHA that's awesome im being murdered by english words now.
Ok thks
Sup hows sf
may be, even I think yes. Form  <#>  is submitted only to save tax. Ucan confirm it from Noida SGC services as well and also ask till whenu can submit it and do u need to save file ITR? Just confirm thesethings.
Haha oops I think my phone lagged. Nvm eh I got free message XD
Hahahaha okay i should go mug already. See you soon. :-D
Sup cd butt
Okay noted.
Not sure. Tell u soon...
Enjoying ur dinner? I just had my dinner at home.. So did they tease u?
I have work bye
There?
Get out already
Ugh fucking typos
tujhe kis ne bataya hs
Well hurry cause the driver jusg asked if you were on here
Haiz still! Not nice to pon! Haha then you are the same in church andat home? Haha boon is like a very beng nickname LOL. I feel likeeating yoghurt! Or soya bean ice cream!
Pls tell macho to tell me what his bb budget his cos i see new bb for  <#> k and cant talk cos i dont know his budget
LOL BUT DOESN'T SHE NEED TO VERIFY IF THE ANS IS CORRECT LOL
Oh. Can I take it now? I ll come to her block
OK. Got seat number or something?
Debb Stanford Watson to you: rTm war with IFC is over The war between rTm and IFC is officially over. Thank for for all your help as we...(reply n" for next)"
Man, i dnt by the txt ..?
Ok!
Ok thks
Hey I think I ll sleep in my room tonight.. else logistic headache
LOL vivien met them?? Aiyo haha later the p4 girl tell her then she emo!
hey, good luck for exams! hope u pass with flying colours!
Haha thanks man see you guys in the afternoon
<#>
Ohh then how to involve the whole group?
Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  <#>  bc we are not not doin this shit
Bhai yaar nai aa paunga.. Gaadi ka intejam hi nai ho raha.. Tu  <DECIMAL>  maya mandir aa sakta he kya plz?
Go back hostel 1st
I want ur note
Can we go out for dinner
Oh okay okay. Then I see you tmr.
Hmm think shld study math only since its used for exam
.. Ok i shall not further disturb u..
the one u sent me..
Hey we rearing lizard nxt to ur fish tank
Kk
Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  <#>  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
Yup. Most likely but i'll not be given priority since i'm not in theminor programme. Nevertheless, if the bid pts is low, maybe i can getit bah. I heard the mno 2k mod is quite popular too. Maybe sylviawanna take the mno 3k mod too. Haha.
Hmm.. can.
I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.
Yup..
Which slot! I also thinking of taking!
okok. u go watch ur show, i  also watch mine.hee.
Ken,my hp num is 0165460953.
Oh no I forgot to tell you to go bss. Lol bring your ic, cert, bankbook.
Coming?
No? Should I call him?
i dunwan help u reopen, haha
Sir, waiting for your letter.
You ask your friend? I meet my senior but he only know math,y u nv approach pple during d cca bazaar?
Hey odac diff grp ar?
Eh why why why so Xiao qi
Hmmm dont think you can make it. Because gotta meet tt on Monday morning.
Haha okay ((:
U think?
Jan 2nd
Hahaha by who???? Hahaha yeah by then got money to buy le lah!!! Howis it now??
On  <#>  le with birth very. Hee
Hahaha okay you shall see next week! Yeap can hahaha BUT WHERE DID YOU GO!!
Currently got me and leo. Still looking for last player.
okie you should get bac to your lecture. take care!
Dont cook my dinner. Im eating at fabian house.
you outside?
I haven?t finish my first shift leh. i think finish first shift can continue second shift. still haven?t dinner, but just have a bread.
What ru doing now
Can you tell me how to practice Metta, karuna, mudita and mindfulness in daily life?
Wait till you get the main stage male MC maybe they're the same guy
"New"year. "New"days. "New"hopes. "New"plans. "New"efforts. "New"success. wish U & Ur family a Joyful & Succesful "HAPPY NEW YEAR"  <#>
Hahas okay thks
I tink all in all at most 2 pages
Come aftr  <DECIMAL> ..now i m cleaning the house
It's fine xP
How come start of semester ptm?
Sent me ur email id soon
My girl with u??
Lol congratulations! Hahaha finally after so many months.
Okay
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
have a nice day
re in e lab now...
Anna im goin 2 clas.At wat time i should b redy?Txt me da.No chrge d *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
hee yes dear,on the way le. love u so much!
Haha ohh the off white one is it? (: ok next time I go there with myparents ask them which colour nicer bah! Haha I dun know how to see!Is it in the sms before the link?
Hi there is over subscription for that house in jurong ( check email) please confirm if interested ASAP
Plz call
Hi Andreu, has the bus started?R u comfortable? Dady came. Wishing u a safe n happy journey. May God bles u. Bye
No idea too.
Ok! Bblp jia you!!!!
Now me Ronald loo and Shaohao one team
Thankyou thanku
Yea, might as well since I have nthin on. Smsed  but he nvr reply. I oso haven pack, just take field pack and good to go for us =x
Haha help me nom!! Ohh my I overslept>< yes of course!!!
K da:-).
s hp.
Expected he will know cos u will tell him. But didnt know its so fast =) but if act as if i got bf also not gd. Deprive me of other chances haha...
Hahaha where are you now?
you free now ?
Lols I also buy alr. Today can go collect. But only wearing during sports
TEC CSE B PLACEMENT: The placement season has started and our class "size ma" SHIBI CHAKKARAVARTHY is the first person to get placed (in SYNTEL) . . . I sincerly state that syntel is lucky to get a talented person like shibi . . I wish all the best to shibi on behalf of my class members. :) have a great career shibi!!! With love, GHILLI (SARAVANAKUMAR)
Lol i ate already. Go have lunch first!
ve already made changes 2 da previous report.
2nite u wan gym? But nid help me bring towel shoe and pants lmao
Finish lo
Comeeeeeeee
good nite sweet dream
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
Need me to setup for u de. But i not beside comp now, will go back late oso, u need urgent?
Hahaha come if you want!! Got timo Hehao ryan and me!
6 four...
Yeah okay up to you!
yea.. think tis prod quite gd.. hee, u so free sat noon accompany me 4 a while? we hav lunch then go listen.no obligatn
Sorry is for not effort
Set! Anything also ob
How much is the gas?
Love you
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite & sweet dreams
Awesome!! Okay!!
Oe kidr gya ? Nashta kr ra hai?
Pk u wanna pump mon or tue night?
Lol did I? Ah that mod needs a lot of class participation... and itis geog. Got field trips sia!
Nooooooo I'm gonna be bored to death all day. Cable and internet outage.
Lol actually I learnt abit of mindreading only XD
K. Mai aa rha hu.
Train breakdown
m not goin 4 any camps... My faculty camp oso over liao... U goin 4 wat camp?
Electron donating group
Caw caw btw xP when do you finish finals?
Wat time going back
Cake cut pannala?
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
What are you doing:)
Los I no art! End at  <DECIMAL>  today. Shiok
Idk i ran out at home
Ohh okay. I cant drink liao.
Haha okay! I smsed out  <#> ! Sian just received your that sms when Iput down, that's why I called! I just finish bathing and prepping mybed! (:
Ok. I'm guessing soon. We almost finished prepping the car.
Lol yes you are. Haha are you like too stress?
K
Ghumachs 2 na,,asbi?
Morning got training ah? I went hack u nt there Oo
Yo u awake??
Lol hey don't forget u still owe me a date first.
getting everyone tea unless you send what you want
Going to reach already
woman. later when you reach orchard, give me a sms.
Multi-tasking... Watching tv n writing programs... U going sch tmr? Me going at 10...
Huh I don't rmb hearing the final decision! Haha okay oh wells!! Tryto enjoy bah!!
No problem :-D
Uhh just put down in the team lor
Eh later  <DECIMAL>  will I still be in school or go back hall le?
How are you?
hey how about going to the exam i am going:-)
<#>  what about u,
Hahahaha ok.u like forever busy 1.u shd try to find ways to slack in work and relax abit.hahahaha.
I called but no one pick up e phone. I ask both of them already they said ok.
Not cooking find yr own dinner
Mai  <#>  min me pahuch jaunga. Aap kitne der me ayenge?
Ok lor, can search for ur sum of square
You drop at np bah. Then call me. I will give you directions.
Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
Haha coz we were looking for a bus to take back to boon lay, so walked alot!
AND BRENDAN'S FOR THAT MAYER
Bhai ghar pe hu abi kal bt karta hu
how do u sign up for 52 grp in ivle?
No. It's not pride. I'm almost  <#>  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
Welcome
No no. My estate from your room window. That time i went your house what. So really a stone's throw away. If you can throw so far la.
Reach home le darling
Gud nit...
U r welcm. I'l cal u.
U can call me now...
Night nuht desrie. Tml I wake up le den call u. Muacks!!
Hey yun.... I took my own sweet time. Then it was so late already so decided not to go for tut. Haha. You wanna come by later? Will see you in the lib at 11 !
YAy. Ook heeeeeee
<DECIMAL> !
Hi friend,how are you? Please inform me about your educatinal condition.
Home..y
Go earlier do wat Oo? I tired slew
Playin space poker, u?
Oops I realised you said resting at home! Rest well haha rmb submitconsent form with passport scan!
yup
Kk.
Still work going on:)it is very small house.
Darn traffic. Think today is some pagan festival...
I miss you so much too! When I'm home in 3 weeks we have to blastsome panic and fob <3
Eating now.  Come down soon. :-)
No la.only joan goin gentin. Her family at first dun wana help her look after mah.her hse,got one cat.one bird. Ñ three g.pigs-farm-haha-she goin wif her bf.hee
P
Great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
At home
Nd wat do u thn im startn?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Love makes glow in your relation
Alright, sure =) and yeah, but ruby said she can get him
s phone...
Ya true. Den nvm
Billy say ok
Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
Yes..let we discuss:)
Ps bathing. Sianz tonight Nth mch to watch
<#> .Steps takn by hazrt Omarto ensure social security
Hi regarding the motorola q9h phone, I can deal at amk(preferred) ornovena. would you like to check out the phone? Wei qi.
Hehe u know how to answer the last question on erca2?? I donno how to explain that . <#>
We don call like  <#>  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
Nice! Yeah I'm here just reading my script
Hmmm.
Wha hv 2 ma fan ur dad. Then who is going to use hotel, like t like v lang fei. U going to bring ur laptop?
I already got it. 2 to 3
Sup?
ll go myself then... See you tomolo..
Haha coffee with milk ho liao. Thanks alot.
I already outside pl come early. reach here, call me.
i love it
s nt angry w his bf since he came to pick her yest...
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
Wah... She best leh... U got tell her u not staying in hall liao? Cos maybe she tot u still in hall... Yesterday i just said u in hall...
Chatting! Wahahaha!
Uhh who has the spre ubec now
ok
I was thinking abt whom I care most &amp; u came 2 my mind. So jst wanna wish u Gdn8. - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Uh sure.. he's in class so after ^^
They haven send yet. I started on creationism vs evolution. So u canjus send me the points the show why more and more ppl believe inscience. Statistics too
DO IT AND USE AT THE BEGINNING AT THE END HAHA AND HE GOT LEG CRAMPSNOT STOMACH CRAMPS I WAS KIDDING
I'm*
What I can conclude: you don't enjoy grinding women, you like thewoods, and you want to meet some women.
Eh I forgot. We picked up eunice's water bottle, its with me. Pass itback to her or somerhing?
s christmas eve, any activity?
Even if they are not, the rule still applies
Hey tmr how ü going to nus?
Slpovr mayb cmi. Tonight ask la... But sure sleeping ovr?
South kadavnthra rchd.varma me.car drving hme.if no vehicle,i can come ur home or u can cme somewhere and i am the picking u.
haha yah lor
Im at level 1 now. I scared later he walk pass me I also cant recognise.
How are you enjoying this semester? Take care brother.
I'm already at serangoon changing over to nel, probably take another  <#>  mins to reach harbourfront
s my dog...Okie la, can say quite free lor, watchin tv all day...
Hey think we meet in comp lab so we can do e data? Hehheh paiseh.. Better rite?
Hahahaha. Not help u eat la. Help u rearrange.but if u want to let meeat I ok one. :p
ok
Ooo haha yeah I had it coz my parents wanted me to be contactablehaha, but most of the time I just lost the phone at home! Hahaha! Wowthat is crazy rich leh!
Call me when free
Kk.. Np..
2(:
don't be sad
Hmmm... Can lor... So i cya there...
Ehh sian just receive your sms! Omg so late! Quickly eat! I'm leavingsoon haha, going there early! Btw, if you have space, can bring my japbooks?
Are u coming over to my house later?...
Lol okay I can reach in  <#>  mins time
Hmm shall we postpone? Cause this few days my throat not so well. Paiseh.
How about tomrrow morning?
hi hw r u?
Sounds goot my loff!
Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
Reaching yishun lo.
m goin to india for hols today! hav a Merry Christmas n Happy New Year! :)
I think it will be harder than your hk trip.
Lol cham wait no bus.if must start then I think u present already lol.
ve to meet em at 845, dunno can wake up anot...
Haha. Sure. But u all sure ar, quite far for u all leh. I haven't gota gift leh. But i can try to come out with something tml if it's stillon! Haha.
Oki.night might :-)
how are u feeling now? better?? take care hor!!
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
Ah? HAHA for now, only Jeff, xt and lyn said not going. The rest okay.
Yraaaaaaaaaa
Sure! You can just text me when you get back to your house or something :)
What's your address?
"No, I do but have the experience of watching (it)"
Can meh? V hard to work I guess. Plus nid return to hostel
Where is my girl??
Still waiting.i am the last one.
Ahh tmr I got overnight cca. So sorry. Next week I try to go down okay?
Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
Take care eh.
come, speaker is ceo, precious opportunity
Today i saw your dad
May d dys ahead b beautiful as buty cd b, wit flwers blossomin by ur door step, wit wndrful drems cmng tru, wt hapines followin by ur way! WISH U A HAPPY NW YR!
Ü see whether they are free for earlier appointment...
We would. ;)
Hokay im coming.
Name of d relation doesn't matter only feelings in d relation matter! Radha n Krishna were simply bst frnds, bt still d wrld calls thm "bst couple". C0me 0nlne
Cuz she wanna mit me earlier but i wanna company my bf ma...So ask to mit at 6.Den she say she go home den in order 2 save money dun wanna travel 2 town again..
Weds? I haven wash yet. Ps
Okay thanks! (:
The bus ride how long?
Should be able to. Will confirm by tomorrow.
Oh okayyy means rot at home eh.
unho ne attend karna bhi nai ha ab
Hihi sorry I won't be going tmr coz I have sc gm, its the last one socan't miss sorry! And coming fri, sat and mon I can't go for trainingcoz I'll be in Japan! I emailed mr sim le, ps and thanks!
t think i am free on 29th.
Haha sensei!?! Ooo haha my gm ended le, now waiting for the lastmeeting! (: sorry never really reply!
m oso alone now, waitin 4 my fren to pick me up...
Hahaha fine fine let's play!! :D
Are you working today? I'm running a bit late, so if you are can youjust tell Rebecca I just have to stop at tang?
Okay.
My session is actually tue and fri, but tmr got drivin so i go today lor...Gee, ok thanx...
A bit extreme...
hai how are you today my friend.when will u reach college
Studyn chem.
Oh the person frm legs n paddles said they gave me my bin wrongly
Haha yeah not too long ago! He came back alive! Hahaha gay voice!Haha standard sia you! LOL why you want to taupok girls also is it!Haha you're not going to get a chance to!
Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
Bout 6
Hey stephy, can give me the acc and pw for megaupload?
Ma seniors tho
Htcdroid
s e difference leh, still got hols mah... So u goin out tmr?
:/reset the thing?
Haha thanks ah lol. Not used to it mah.
Huh u mean old?
Kk no prob
Fwd: Hey pass down the msg, billy got a minor fracture and notsprained ankle!!!!so we are gg to write card for him on Monday:)
Shweet! Yeah I can totally Skype
Okay
T.T... but ur tu tu more fun haha... ya lo so cute he pose with thoseangmoh lol...
Haha as in yx leh! So how is Timothy? Haha! Sorry I fell asleep!
At the hotel, but no wireless. Borrowing wei tsang's wired connectionnow. Missing u all lots. All's ok here. Going dinner soon.
Hahaha omg cheat sia! Ohh>< coz I thought ppl dun want to wake upearly! Hmm or you come one day but come earlier then I teach you thenyou leave earlier?
Haha nope! they won't really ask de lah! Besides I got take withother guys! Haha wow really? Quite cheap leh!
Where r u?
Yeah xP he was crazy nice
Yeah motivation! Neh not too mamaboy just lazy :))
Haha yeah both dun deserve my kiss!! Haha its alright lah :) enjoyyourself! Haha sorry>< I won't be unfaithful, ever! I promise! Ahh youall tai guo fen!!!!! Even if you didn't say!! Hahaha poke!
You are back home?
Im just wondering what your doing right now?
Haha ohh no how:/! Poke then!!!
Call you back later
Ami sulam.amay plz dosta nagad uthie dis.
Ok, will do that. Thanks!
Oh. Haha. Thanks. I have to study for a test and submit a paper, so Ionly went for an hour after school today :)
Now me nd parents eating lontong hee
I don't mind... both days after 6 is fine for me...
Nikon 3.2 megapixels is 699... Ü noe da citibank giving away dat olympus is oso 699...
Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
<#>  for 2
Can msg me ur blk no and unit no again?...haha...
Yea. What to do? Pets don't normally live longer than their owner,wanted her to last till Richard come back sg though. He gave it to mewhen he migrated.
Die got traffic jam will reach in ard 8 min... Ü go buy newspaper...
Hokay can.
Yep
Yeah there's quite a bit left, I'll swing by tomorrow when I get up
Yeah received but never open
It's  <#> % in color. Got hmwk today
U dowan to go? Take bus lor.
Un aal warden kittandhu super comment vaanginaalan!
I didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again
What shld i send?
Sorry love... u love your so so much =) I'll talk yo you in themorning, sleep well my dear love =) =)
:-*****
Then u ask darren go n pick u lor... But i oso sian tmr haf 2 meet lect...
K
Yeah dont worry. I will see what I can do.
Would u be available to eat xiao long bao buffet tonight at about 8pm?
i say not today...they call me at 12.30 leh
Ohh she say next week! It's alright!! We also not staying le! Haha 5day camp?? Omg shiok!! Hahaha why never jio you!!
Miiiiike -.-
Yep... you end at soc ah?
Hey... How come u rent out ur hse again ah...
I see. Tues busy siaz u can try asking shaohao though.
I always treat u very good arh! Love u dipx dipx lol... okie I waitfor u a while lo nvm l... I go check for food now!
Yo I got a couple k more maple leaves and some scrolls in Windia
CHOOSE ANOTHER LOL
In canteen.
Want cooker d
2 omg! X.x
Can can. Take your time
Pls call me da. What happen.
mil gaya ha
Hey lunch buddy where did you go?!
Nono haha I think they have new modules! Haha what are you doing forFA! Who's that?
these kind are ad hoc ones
Nope. I go home liao lo. Abt tml I talk to weeann later.
Neh didnt understand most of it. I just woke up to reply your message.
Yeeeah! Pursue your push up dreams!
pls help me. i feel like dyin sia!
Have u said your mom abt extra thousand
It will start at  <#> am tmr. The programme list has been sent to you before.
Lol
Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah? Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging
Maybe lol.. I don't want her to y take my girl virginity lol
WAH yes you are really mad.
Q <#>
The dance thang mayne! When does it start?
YL4Q USM2 LTJ8 2S2W  <#>  check if ths works
These ppl wont finished. Will take few minutes.
Where r ü all going?
To where:-)
Ohh then how x.x i'm going Japan ~!
Yup I let you know.
i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
Oh that 1 anything lor. Maybe I eat in lecture?
Ok etching done i can probably finish drilling by tonight
Hee. I love u too dearie bao ei
Will do. Thanks
Hi mentees! Hope you liked the quotes I gave you (: here's another!"Always do what you want, and say what you feel, because those whomind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Hi Joey.
She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
Yeah and I didnt know she can only play until  <#> pm.
Ya ponned lol... congratz!
ya lor i told her, only monk  dun cry as no emotions mah aiyah  tok to her  will vomit blood ah
If possible, drop everyone a sms to remind them to check their emailokay? Becoz i'm afraid tt not everyone does that. Thanks forco-ordinating.
ve got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
My dear, i m listening to e lecture on interview and resume... My dear, hope that u can study la... I will pray for u...
Why le? Whole day I alone siaz...
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
I MEANT NOOBS
Thanks alot. Could you go to ideawerkz office tmr after 4pm?
m in melbourne now lor... U haven go ns ah...
I dun mind. You din feel very well must need to rest. good nite
Yup! Much better
What kind of stuff do you wanna do?
Like board to work poster on?
Anna gud morng.Hw r u?Wen dady is leavin? if u r not goin 2 badula,pls ask dady 2 leav dat cap in ur place..I can take it later.Convy my regards 2 dady.By.Gbu
>
Watching tv now. I got new job :)
Haha this kind of thing hard to say. Aiya always happen in manga de what
Good evenig.
s mos burger ok? Yew Fei you may want to meet Zab @ 744 first..
Not really dying 2 go out but v xin ku if nothing 2 do at home. But u seem v busy. U wan 2 rest, its ok w me. Mayb u free then chat w me lor.
Its shows u dunno where u are.or u are just kpo abt some bus driver when ur on the train.hahaha.
Lol I think because not fierce enough hahahaha. My hard disk got thesound because I used until almost no space le, that's why. So theycant deny ^^
Appt is at <TIME> am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
There's someone here that has a year  <#>  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  <#> k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
?
Same lol
Yeah I'm done! I texted you
Thu! Anyway hav 2 cover 4 endsem pracs la! Get a cover nd put, koranjida maata!
Hai
Haha the lady teaching in chinese :o haha now got sun wu kong! Ongwhat happened? Something you ate? Sophie and Izzati had stomach achetoday also!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Ah Mei ah.. You coming back today?
Aching lolol
So is can?...if can i go classroom take from u?...
LOL. go sign up?
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind
uhh I am outside your cluster..
Oh jiayi didn't go? :DD no ah today is optional! Hehe! Stanley dunneed come liao! Oh yay :DD have fun hahaha I got a lot of random stufftoday too:P hahaha I don't sleep in csoh's class de! I shall mugbiochem! Haha okay! ^^
MAY99, CAN U MSG MY HP 0168596707
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
Kk...i ask juwita...
133 take from amk... Yck take 853... Ya, u nd to bring cos i dun have any at home...
I'm not sure yet. What do u think?
Fuck
Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
Catch you later.bye
cafe
at ys now.. haha. u?wan go back tgt?
U go his hse v often ar? Dun care what she says la, awhile ok le
Just spotted someold dude in the current hci pe shirt. Mann you funky.
Hey that time you said still got one more guy coming with you all,and I know his name de.
When wanna eat
At one :)
Ya... mine like everyday. U le?
Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ <#>  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
Okay, can we come on Tuesday? We'll be free the whole day (:
Thanks!! Friend messaged :-)
What about cally? What if she's late?
Haha >< sorry ryan >< haha omg hit it, not pain meh!? Omg so nice! Haha!!
T.T. my dearest dear~~~~ sob sob sob... how can u not see mua love for u~~~
I cant make it.
Haha we really can watch this friday if you dont mind. :-D
Take care day let me know if you need help
K.k.this month kotees birthday know?
Call?
I've kept my keys in the bookshelf drawer.
Lol not really nobody to check
i didnt make da project yet! did u?
ah.. wait me i just bathe out. coming
!!! I can't walk now
s t i l s i n g l e .
hey, slp yet? wad r u doin?
Haha I think it was dark blue? Like the really dark kind! Hmm dunnoleh! Ooo glad that you found:D are you getting all of them? XD hahaChester ask if need his nric, but he haven't activate yet! Nope hahabut I bought other random stuff haha!
No wahala
Mr soh say by  <#>  may
Ok
Ah OK sure
its been a hectic week and i will meet you in the weekend
Wont lah, even both of us fat also wont break one...
Oh ok then I noe how to approach the question le thanks
Yup i went.
Lg waiting fir train le heer
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Yay!! Now both of us can work at the same time
see ya at 330 at china town mrt. I am leaving the house now.
Cal u aftr  <DECIMAL>
I think guitar is far easier than piano.. I could never coordinate my hands
End of school term lor
I want to sent  <#> mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
Parvez Roton will not come office tomorrow.
Haha go bugis buy bah.
What's the website so I can apply at united health?
t make it tomorrow.but can i stil go?
You coming?
The*
<#>  for 4
I think I lost my wallet =/ shit =/ the worst thing is, it's achecking habit that I've been forcing myself to quash and if I hadn'tI'd have it =/
Yep! We're meeting at 7 at yck! Call u when we all reach?
STOP
Wa :/ not joining them?
What doing
Why le?
You make appointment with her bah.
Dun worry dar. Csmt wait to see u
"Fallen flowers can't climb back.. But If the root is strong u can expect new flowers.. So don't think of d past, Just love d present & live 4 d future.;) Njoy every day;)! Good morning;)! 've a good day;)!
Please bring vegetables from market
Hey! Sry I'll be about  <#>  mins late. Contact candy when u reach k?She shld be ard com1 basement. Her number is  <#> .
Shuhui not free lah.. So where r u eating?
U know how go sg flyer?
Hi Ziyi! We have your qualified scientist form, when will you becoming? can contact tenghiang ( <#> ), vivian ( <#> ) or me (:
Let me know if the money is not enough. We can afford to overspent a little.
Wa sianz.... u not online now right?
1 min bs pahuch gya
Haha.. I didn't hear anything. I think the lecturer was just talkingabout the poll. Nth impt.
Not physics? Eh hav u been training
Yup.
Will be home by 7pm.  Have dinner together?
Change to  <DECIMAL>  ok?
Haha>< >< explain the  <#>  mins thing!!!!
i not online now la. gg out le. wrotevthose yesterday day. gdd idea!u go add in^O^
Yuanhan only. Yuxiang went meifang's room I believe. I just tabata-ed shoulder workout. Tmr tabata abs with me leh.
yeap and Mrs Chong! Haha I just got your sms): haha so going homesoon? i'm going jp with hilda and sophie! Sorry to make you broke): itwas very orange! make the place look very warm, very nice lighting!(:
Nice lines.. Sometime we mantain silence To protect One Beautiful Relation.. But Too much silence creates tears in all Beautiful Relations... Gud m0r
s school?
Haha. Good what. Can earn another 1k plus. Rich sia u. Haha. Then whodo u go lunch with?
Wat time
What what what IT'S OUT ALR!?!?
Yea may be slightly late though ps
Hey man so are we doing arp together
Who's ah wei?
Dont want to swim mahh.
Whole project is celebrating women's day.. Bt am sitting alone in.cafeteria.. ;(;(:(:(:(
<#>  Shreenivas. I haven't spoken to him for a while.. would be goodif you could talk to Jim directly.. good luck!
On train le dear!  <#>  more mins hee
Eh no idea.haha.I dunno his surname.haha.I oso dunno he com3 or 4.or is he from engine.
oh i'll be at home then..
Were you in chennai
I bathe before i went to e airport... Now doing tut... U leh...
wah! they   never mind lor they got experience, they teach u lor
what bus can i take. Or shld i take mrt ?
hey <name>, thanks for organizing the gathering today. and also forthe cookies! have a merry xmas! :)
Hee! Ok! Laogong will listen to my laopo !
Both is fine! Haha.
Thanks! :) take care! :)
HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
Oo... I go check.. hmm. This coming Thurs u got go ntu?  Dm 's convocation.
Eh let us know when u coming?
Ooo, what time am I meeting you?
Wah... Its fated then... Ü hiya, ü get attached lah... Or juz find someone to be ur attach n really act well lor. Ü must also really act v well then!
Alex u supposed to do 3 &4 not 2&3!!
Hey you and cally go eat first. I go buy tickets.
Swami saranam...njan avashanayee...anubhavichu physically...will call later
I have no idea!!
Hi! How are hope you are fine going for an outing to Goa will you be able to join me:-)
Really?
randName
Hee k  love u much
Wish you the same.
Clas
s our meeting? :(
S <#> D
Haha wow, you can't read it? I will read first then memorise haha :P
of coz they can...no1s a weakling coz they cry...its juz ways of displaying emotions...
Hi how are you
Nooooooo why double standard
Hahaha singing secret base with vivian LOL.
Ohhh I am gonna have lunch too. At clementi now hohoho
Happy Diwali to you as well! :-)
See 1st.
Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
Me aaraha hu  <#> min me
Oh ok. Scared it will be darn boring.
Its ok, called mom instead have fun
He still at his hse with the knife?
Ok
Lmao yummm
Dun liddat le. We good frens le. I gave u a chocolate le. Rem?
Dunno see mood
If I jump, will u jump?
Didnt even bother watching twilight. The books were rubbish enough.No image attached leh.
Ps swimming. Erm get back to u in awhile
Kk!
KBCQ B
Okie la very fast will end. 1hr more.
Yeah lo. But who are we inviting?
All the best for ur result...Wish you pass with flying color...
Somewhere high. No one here v. gd, can really take a peaceful rest. I will go back 2 where I came. Bye.
Any day will do for me. thanks
Wer r u?
Really only today? Topshop n miss self ridge oso got store wide discount...
A boy was late 2 home. His father: "POWER OF FRNDSHIP"
HAHA I DUN THINK IT AFFECTS YOU LAH WHATEVER IT IS HAHA! I DUNNO HAHAIDM EITHER AH!
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Dhiraj TEL;CELL: <#>  EMAIL;INTERNET;PREF: EMAIL;INTERNET: EMAIL;INTERNET: X-IRMC-LUID: <#> F1 END:VCARD
Summa only da.
tere pass copy main ha?
Awwwwww okay lo im sorry :-(
Ya lah and the answer like nothing much to write one lo... haha yummynot good four tummy! Nomnomnom!
Hey anything call Eman
Are you guys coming yet?
mi male chinese 17
Is must zhen xi me! Haha... ya lo must get master in Singapore!Haha... my teeth T.T... but no money put braces lol... must earn moremoney then next time also can retire earlier! Haha...
had your lunch?
Yeah xP
Scare u fall down or something mah.... stupid driver -.- so manyidiot in this world... at central library there arh
Eh wat u doing
Hey the prof asked me to send a paper that I would like to present.. I will read a few and send him? Will you have any to suggest to me?
Male 22 kl
Ya i understand becoz u nvr read e full case mah. We can't expect uto read everything. If u're unsure, tmr can ask me. Haha.
just now his bag not with him. he thot u msg him
S.
miss you
hey meeting corinna tmr,wed at 12 orchard mrt.going nooch 4 lunch.can pass the msg to huixin n yun 4 me?do reply me if all u 3 going k?thanx uncle!cya..-jo- =)
To which email id ur sending
Whats going
You need to have a bad day every once in a while.otherwise you vl never know wat a good day feels like.good mrng good day.
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
prepare well
Ard 3pm... U go tuition oredi ah? I dunno do wad later, my frens wanna go expo...
I have no idea. It's up to you. Wednesday is it?
K
Leaving now. Will be back by 8.
Okie... Other day lor...
She cooking her salmon.. But I want mine for dinner.. So i'm still buying lunch..
ok. call me when you reached. elevators position all changed already...
There?
Haha.. ok ok.. aiyo.. so he handsome or not? haha..
What does nelson do?
Just left lakeside!
Okay coming coming. Beng Koon also coming.
Btw...i send email about in engine..read  thru liao then choose urtopic if everything is ok with u...
Hey yongsi... Did u get into sailing com?
Hahaahaaa. Of course ma... Then I can whine to u. Laalalaa
Are you going to wipro interview today?
Bt pana he's g0na die v.s0on
I'm coming!!!
Woo but I have dinner with my poly friends eh. Maybe I find you allduring night time?
Give them! (:
Hi Yeng Chin, ok thanks for the go-ahead.  I will send you thescanned estimate later and give you a scanned, paid tax invoice whenI've paid for the repairs.
Haha can go tog. 7pm close
Hahaha will she be at arp??
Haha what oh no quick go quick go!!! Yeah but she has to eat like alot of medicine that looks very big haha
Ok i'll start making my way now
Crazy. Will expel de le
Hahaha. U so cute. Ya i wan more sayang!! Love u sweety. Muuacks
Got your post card thank you:p how are you i am preparing for exam and can go home soon:p
Lol OK sure...
How you dear
Bhai jawab to de.. Gussa mat kar be;-(
k..
I am not coming to the office today
Uhh i may take past  <#> h sorry i think just start doing stuff without me I'll catch up
When are you clearing that deficit?
Sa  <#>  for 3:-).target  <#>  at stumps.
Ya. U tell me where's your tut loh. After my lesson, i go n pass u the book.
Ragada
Ahahaha you should totally put a count on the box
Reachd sannidhanam..nw lying down by the side waiting for morning
2nite den ask
... wth! I haven even start webcast! Meet where?
LISTEN TO HIS SOMG :-)
Hey wilson, sorry for disturbing. Are you interested in carrying outyour night game for the camp?
No wad èn ü all can visit me or i visit ü.cos near nus wad.sorta haha-
xy:Dont wan lah let u all go pai tuo, i just shop myself. U any time also ready is it?
Sleepng.
s a miracle! Hee... Ü coming sentosa?
Towards center?  headed there now
i with eileen n ys. at jp.. haha.
Got those tanks lor... Y leh, u wana change ah...
Which block?? Idunno her block
Never mind lah, i also loud before, now ur turn lor.. Hee..
Me too basically lol... I guess the trolley thing starts running at  <TIME>
Haha not my fault! Um, what time do you want? (:
Hey... How r u? Din contact u 4 quite some time...
But you did it in the end! It's a prereq for your mods meh?
Orh!^^
LOL why are you yay-ing! Haha he say you look bushuang in the picture!!!
Hmm. Is it possible to make the pics to PNG, envelop them in balloonsor stars etc.. and make then clickable
Okay^^ yeap! sleeping! You?
Yea in europe mariages nevr last long. They just get bord wid each otha
We confirm eating at esplanade?
Hahaha, man, your quick Googleing basically saying they're retarded
Hey, so did u call my HR?
U more poor thing la. Kiss my boy more! Now at jurong east flyover..flying to u!!
I see.. I'm worried. Let me know. I love you
And if you wanna meet for dinner, meet at orchard mrt 6pm. We will beeating tomyum/curry at dont know where. :)
s bringing her bf rite?
Set! I prefer javelin though
Haven, u help me tell. I think i eat dinner with them... Cos nw need to wait the xiang bai bai ahmah finish first....
Ok:-..
Emoooooo
Kaeru!
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
Alright! Blessed year to u too!
Haha but achievement to complete! Hahaha can visit her after walking!Oh right me too!
BE MY GUEST
Dun nid bring any instrument
MSMcall: =FATHWA= " Jeevanulla Vasthukkalude Chithram Varakkunnathu Nabi {S} Nirodhichittundu "
Praise the Lord! Installed the bible.
Wow... Kaiez... Muz show me ah... When we go sentosa...Haha...
According To A Survey By William SexfearAgar Kisi Larki Ki  <#>  Sal Ki Umar Mein Shadi Ho,Aur Uske Ghar Wale Ka Lund  <DECIMAL>  Inch Ho,Aur Woh Haftey Mein 3 Bar Sex Kare Aur 1 Bar Mein  <#>  Gassey (In - Out ) Maare ,To Us Larki Ne  <#>  Sal Ki Umar Tak  <#>  Kilometer Lun Liya . <DECIMAL>  Inch x  <#>  Gassey x 3 Din x 4 Hafte x  <#>  Months x  <#>  Saal =  <#>  Inch(  <#>  Kms )
Nahi bs apki meharbani
Kk downstairs liao.
Eating now?
<#>  t <#>
okay! u playing for rj alumni grit?
You coming?
No da
Pls call me
<DECIMAL> %
Eh wait I walking to cityvibe
Okay can. By tonight i let u know.
Yeah =(
m in sch now...
Back atcha, doll!
qy and eileen going for latin dance classes leh...u want b my partner?
Ahhh not going I've got a birthday party this sun. All the best foryour new sem too!
Big towel <name> say there got.
K
Hahaha because sch is ending soooon!!!! XD
Yea Bo bian for us. U coming to9 right?
Ooo we can!!! I have Teng Wei's number!!
Yosh u now at home or ge bi
Hey rest well!
CREDIT
Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
Beside him.
Ok. I reach there slightly later la, abt  <#> .
what time are you going?
Yes! And you can deal with me and my fall out boy adoration and myobsession with vulgarity!
Okayy its fineeeee :)
nite sweet dream
Kya softwr? Radio transmtr ka hardwar hi ni hai n <#>  mai
Ohhok then!!
There are many company. Tell me the language.
T.T... so ke lian force to study lol... lucky I always sleep in trainlol.... dunno lo asking him got kaki meh lol
s mon 9 to 10 rite...
Hey Nishanth I'm not able to edit user profile again on chrome and opera Mac
I can send you a pic if you like :)
Ok guys confirm tomw 7.30 at e jap restaurant at esplanade, if we cant bk e place then go sizzler. Ron says he wan compare e color of e scarf.
Haha yeah taking from Chester aft exams! Haha^^ yeah concentratingand listening to  <#>  hahaha
s not true! how can tv be more important?  but this show quite nice hoh..  ;p
Hehe hasu ap gusse me achi nai lagti.. Atleast sc0ld wid smile.. Btw mig pe aa0ege kya ?
Han re bes 4 kam to hai - khana , sona , nahana aur tv dekhna. Life is much enjoyfull at home.
Pularum Puthandu, Ungalukku Amaithiyum, Anpana Valkkiyum Arulvathaka... :-) Eniya Puthandu Nalvalthukkal. :-)
Awesome! Got it!
hehe ji waise meri koi rajkumari nahi he
Hey yunny dat elvin asked u to call him noe haiz
Lol ya going school.slack so early going homeeee.lol ya going find the clementi book shop still dunno where is it.hahaha.last wk go interview with this deutsche bank.see can get internship not lor.
Nope. Farmers aren't glam.
Uhh you opening lab after  <#> h?
Gary wong! Haha.
When u want that signal book?
Ok (: (:
Ya the one u taught. Nxt week still gymming?
Whole day will be gone I guess!
Np?! You going for camp?
Dilshan auction now?
About?
Yeiyei bus just came. :-P
Lols kk pinky bro
Haha wow you are totally stalking my timetable!!! Haha poke!! I hateyou again then:D hahaha I don't mean it when I say lah:P I dun know):
No u
S s:)
U der
Oh?but internal is dropping like the default app2sd leh.not like cos of the cache.
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
I ll be in PGP. Let me know when you come back
Haha. Not last bus la. Nw leaving school lir
Ibored.
Yeah it should be fine.
Post!
We will I promise yo..  btw I might be able to start visiting sd noroften too ^^
Sorry!! I have to do all my corrections and redo one worksheet toshow liwei haha ><
pigoo. where u disappeared to? why nv reply me de.
): not ok LOL.
Y
R u in d lab? I hav ur cd wit me.
Oh ya. Im sorry I forgot to reply you. Anyway i've sent a copy tothat tt and he hasnt reply me. I dont care about him already, time isrunning out. Before we start to publicise, could you differentiate thefont between the title and description?
Hahaha thanks a lot chuan! Damn stressed Lol. You jia you too OK! BTWsteph back liao. Meet up soon!!
I see minfei say fun anot first... Y sudd wan to join? When is e first meeting?
good morning! I wouldn't be going for lecture this morning.. need the time to prepare for presentation
She say okie... then cya later
Refresh your memory today. Start early. Haha so you will be safe :-D
Ahhhhh how come I didn't hear thee alarm. Dar dar rem to eat yourenzymes hor. Hugs
Shikaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!
Have. Aft tt go gym lo
Sianz I wanna play too
Thank u. Please do come if u can.
fyi I'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever
Thanks!
Yeah.
Lol what u up to?
But if tonight dont want to go back leh?
Then are you meeting us somewhere before that or anything?
Lol thats Allen's tutor
Quite leh.
Nah, I'll be dramatic about it. "WellsFargoBacon" will be it
Haiz... Deckie dun want to go too?
Hi, can I get the promised update about when the contractors arecoming?  Wednesday is ok this week.
Haha take slower! I'm still at amk hub haven't started looking for my thing:x
Haha no la I just came back from chalet. Im like disconnected fromyou all for years already.
Joey: YOGI CARE 2 INTRO.
Okay!
you online?
Ya, at yck mrt station. not havin lunch together, cos i now vry hungry, havin lunch.. Ü u eat oreadi? ur mum got cook?
Lols I mayb doing arp with jens sia. U doing with who
sorry bro.. im on my way back
I DON'T KNOW. JUST SAYIN'
control udhar hi ha?
Haha perlini can buy necklace mah. Guy also can wear necklaces. Goraffles city find perlini eh.
Then dun wear jeans lor...
Lp dar I love u so much!!!
Thx 4 turning up. Hope u had a gd time. I had ü
Omgoodness. Then how have you been sending emails?
s space
Ok.
Hi
Will do
alice i miss u n still LOVE U.
Haiz this kind of thing cannot rush wan lah.. Today is my first day only lor.. Must search slowly..dun worry lah.. Will update u lah..
Aiya then u take lo...
They should be ok with it
Kk reach at 4 plus
Haha.. ok.. u wan meet where more convenient? Northpoibt? Or some bus stop?
Cus you said something offensive about my sister that's why I got worked up and said something that I didnt mean.
U want she zhiwei to be printed in ur passport?...
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
MSTR. KWOK SHUN GIT your appointment at Scoliosis Clinic @HPB Level 4, is on  <#>  Mar  <#>  at  <DECIMAL>  pm. To cancel or change appt, pls call  <#>  (NUH).
Nen kuda me sis ku try chestuna ra
Haha. NP.. I think I add that in also lor.
Mr tan, can I meet you tmr at  <#> am?
Haha what time are you waking up? I might go out for breakfast withmy parents then come back!
Then lets meet up.
Hey how come I put killing floor into one of my comp it says the sideby side configuration... Error
nope.. haha
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
Haha sorry i'm a big fat pig! I kept falling asleep then slept beforeyour reply!>< haha thanks for them (: haha no not really, I just verylazy to turn it on:P what do you think? Haha ehh okay I go check now~
Oh Okok
?
Ek sardar jungal se ja rha tha. raste me ek ped se ek saanp latak rha tha. sardar dekh kar bola yun latakne se kuch bhi nahi hoga, mummy ko bolo complan pilaye.
Haha okie thanks I got le... I use bd
Same train? And dis time dnt b heroin and have ur proper clothing k.
Where r u? Wana go shop shop today?
m thinking of u. Ok lah, enjoy ur shopping n ur dinner later.
examples...skill assessment...thori bohat theory
<#>  and  <#>  jan I think! Haha so cute! Nice! (: haha I feel asleepwhen I reached home! My mum thinks I bought the paddle but my dadknows the truth! Haha just woke up, eating dinner!
xy:U say u or me? She got say she wan meet me mah?
Haha bg is background... my show just finish! Shall sleep at 4...boys come? Hmmm I also forgot wat I initially wanna type le lol
hai intro pls
The light will be among you. Continue on your way while you have the light, so that the darkness will not come upon you : for the one who walks in the dark does not know where he/she is going. Believe in the light, then, while you have it, so that you will be the people of the light. John <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-) :-)
Going to join tomorrow.
Whoa still need recommendation letter ah. So you gotta take an exam at the end of the module too?
Bye
Chepu ra chala roju ayedi
Haha I saw the one the duck follow the human all over the place de!
Hmm
m going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
Miss u, come soon
Reli paiseh.. Tml? For sure,
Okok, tapao for u tight
Will I do such a thing? Haha. I'm at lvl 2. Outside SR1.
Has rolcal cum di
jus back from dinner.. watcha doing? hope ur mind is occupied.
Haha I dun think i'm cute mah haha so fat>< haha oh no I have no ideathe names of the shopping malls I used to go haha! Ooo haha okay:P buthe's singaporean now! Haha oh no stats hehe just die!
Haha i'm in sch! Need to bathe T.T OHH CAN I BATHE IN YOUR ROOM:D
oh i see.. jus curious thats all.. sure see you on tuesday then.. where do we meet?
I you have an email address please let me know. Otherwise will sendto enquiries @ azora
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Ok then if u got the container can help us buy 3 can mushroom soup?And evelyn wan one thick pad.
Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
Submitted the assignme?
1/4inch  <#> NPT male.
Sure. But I will be out of sg for this weekend so will only see urmsg earliest sunday afternoon.
Darling igoeat first  hee.love love u
Similan... But aft 2moro nid wait 3wks exam over then can go
Dumb video!
Indian bank has given recruitment advertisement for sports quota. Inform siva and tamilselvi鈥㎏.S.Maharasan
Thanks alot fernanders. Wishing all the best in your future endeavours. :-)
Fwd: Yoyo! Testing contact tracing. Forward this message to yourunderlings or back to me if you are last guys. Bring 2 sets ofclothes, toiletries, slippers, towel, utensils, water bottle.Torchlight optional and twenty bucks just in case.
Haha coz I sneak into the room:P not supposed to haha! its endinglate! T.T I can take the ball:D
Oh I in Eman room. When u wanna make kmd
ok
Yooooo
So u still coming? He going thru tut qns now..
Kay (:
Hi Andreu, hope u r busy. Cash deposited. Pay 4 fone n dongle. Goodnite. May God bles u.
Haha no la do sci gd mah where é most jobs are haha so wil c ü ard in nus!
There's one new subj pool for tml. I sign up le.  <DECIMAL> pm slot.
K. Will do.  Thanks for your support and arrangements.  Appreciate it!
Do u have any questions? Or I just buy another book for u?
Im in the side wing..Left hand side,bt at the vry end siting on a plastic chair like an ang..... *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
She'll do the one pager outline. The 3 of them will not touch the ppt first.
Haha I think you've got the wrong guy
Hmm..dun wan fan.
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
Ok no problem thanks
Haha k my mum call me ah wei too. All the best for the trip.
Dr Lim I am still on the way. In ntu already, wait for me
why you didn't text me yesterday
U definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? U wan 2 take other modules 1st?
Wa... Have to go all e way to my hse ah... U can wait den i pass to u on mayb wed...
Anytime before  <#> .
Some people hurt by words&some by action Bt the biggest hurt i believe s that someone ignoring u鈥﹙en u value them bigger than anything else鈥〨ud mor...
Wr r u?
We meet u at Raffles place mrt k? Junhui will be meeting there also..
Lazy:P hahaha
Hmm let's meet at clementi mall at  <DECIMAL> . Go eat lunch
Nope.
=( ah well. So how?
Lol ya ya.its great to have a female sounding name at certain time.hahaha.
Sure, no problem.. Can you come online after about  <#> min.. Thank you..
Oh chicky baby. We'll have a date when I come back. I'm memorizing le script!
That means u got A- lah. Haha. So smart.
Pranaam mere aaakkka....prathyaksh ruup se spasht karna chahtha huu ki aap ki vinamru door vaani ki prathikriya hum vyasan sameet vicheet kiya.anya duur vaani ki aagaman se eh ullanghan hua hei.kripya punar samparkh karne ki cheshta karuunga.
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
I'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
Eat full le.now i know how baobei feel  when i m nt ard
Yee koo ma called to let u know she found mama's bank book under oneof her beds. U must have dropped it there
Darren saw u then ask me. If u alone then wan do project w him i can help u ask.
Lol my dinner at home eh.
Lol just finished eh. Take so damn long to do the quiz. Haha
Im at home already. Let me know if we are meeting for dinner bah.
Haha okay!
Just take it if it's with yuxiang.
we must thing our past and future to realise that who is i am
Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
Haha.. ya lo. I think so too. Maybe meimei will stay over first... hahaha
U sure u can't take any sick time?
Sorry for the late reply, am at a course today and tml. Will join u if u're c{name}bing nxt wk =)
This is for?
t rent out wad... nobody offer leh.
Ok thks
I forgot to text you till late
For wat
Ur Date of Birth says a lot of INTERESTING FACTS about U.To knw more bout urself,Sms DOB (Ur Date of Birth) to  <#> .Eg.DOB  <#>  Dec.Chrgs Rs.3/sms
You log into education website x
Hey all, just to let u know, jack submitted hardcopy already.
Lg will wait for  lmy girl. :-*
Hello, As per request from  <#>  Rs.5 has been transfered to you
sry.. bukit batok. i taking the other direction down.
<#>  3j... <#>  3b... <#>  3d
Wah the class is very full and there's only me ard leh. But i'll tryto occupy 4 seats ya. Haha. Okay okay see you!
How come u r near my area leh... Hmmm, dun thk so, watchin tv...
Lite ga
Lewis
Yeah. And my tab's running out of batt. They didnt even inform people that there will be this exchange booth..
Eh.. I will be late leh. By abt  <#>  min. Just nw did some changesto slide to put the pics. U all go eat lunch first?
Am waiting.
Got dc. Not coming online again. Gd night!
Lol since tmr you nothing to do, then you staying at home eh?
Dear so we waiting u at orchard hor? Head of train k
Neh didnt say anything else. Going without telling her? Sure? You are packdd next week?
Hah thought u say t acct dont support cgi? Haiz poor gal alone in sch.
yar salman rasheed sahab ke room ke pass jo lab ha wahan aja project ke liye
Hav u watchd eps?
Dear I at the bye bye place.. :p
Something wrong?
Bee Hoon. Nice!
Haha uhh oh she wants to see me at 2><
Eh 2moro u going Dulan house?
Afternoon wanna play mahjong? I whole morning to bout 7pm nothing to do.
Ha aa jaunga bt kaha pe he wo
Alright. Maybe u just do what u can for case 3 becoz andrea willproof read the whole essay. Thanks.
Lol. Hey I need a haircut. Lemme know when your free.
Coming back?
I'll be out soon
Feed the terrapin!
Hello evelyn guess who am i?
Dont know yet.
Cool no problem.. cya :-)
Lol enjoy role playing much?
How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?
Haha ^^ I just remembered that you once said I make you a happy guy hahaha!
Eek! Hahaha must say when you remember! I'm coming online now!
Play at  <#> pm. See you!
haha like real...wat makes u tink tat he will do my bidding huh?
Lolwtf random
Relax!! What does the error msg say?
Yana achu pa.
email kya ha?
Yeah getting closure can be a bit tricky lol. You know that aftergetting closure of single attribute can also combine them to formcandidate keys right?
I'm sure it's fine, we can collaborate if we have our own write up
Are u and yh going chalet?
s place..
Haha.. When ur school start ar.. Hehe.. Going to get result already hoe.. Scare right.. Hehe...
Cool, bring extra
Even my marks r bad. I got  <#> .am sure urs s better.:S
I went home. They not there meh
Yun! You coming to find me later? I havent ballot for my eng mod yet... Haiyoh.
Fwd: Hey odacker!pls help me pass down the msg and remind everyone tohand in rock climbing consent form if u haven't:)
ll quit soon... Eh, so is mh ur bf now? Or still pendin...
Haha. It's alright then. The deliverables are due on thurs.Nonetheless, thanks! Owe u a treat.
Ya
S what to do:).
m back...
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Cloudy <#> degrees :/ still looking for the cat.
Yun,dun nd hide k,ur classmate,chong kai qin is in same camp as me.U dare mit me at tiong bahru at 1.30pm lah
PEACE ON EARTH & MERCY MILD... MAY THE SPIRIT OF PEACE AND GOODWILL... THAT CHRISTMAS BRINGS...ALWAYS BE WITH YOU...!! ?§?§ Kethees ?§?§
Sure dear
BUY*7
Haha^^ dunno why cannot tap out just now haha!
??
Abe phr numb chnge kyu kiya n btw tu kaha he ajkal:-D
Hahaha to???
Eh I think u plan ah.hahaha.
Ok. Good luck!
talking abt featherweight, last time u also!
Oh.. I realized that u mean BUT just now. I read it as B plus. Haha.Well, how did ben fare? Haha.
When rahul send? Ya ur  <DECIMAL> / <#> th graded task. And other shitz lols
I luv u so much....
I mean the short qn... must fill in k map and truth table.... whichis on the answer sheet
Hey mom! I can totally help you with Microsoft when I come back on                                Friday. I've got $ <#> right now, (books were expensive), and I need                               to buy milk and put $5 on my laundry card. Do you think before I come                              up you can transfer me a little cash for gas? That'd be super helpful                              :)
Okay.
Okay can. But then the timing like got clash with the mno mods so ithink i not taking that le leh. But anyway, i don't think many pplwill bid global mkt so i'll wait and use it as a standby loh. Haha.
Hv u reached?
Do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
Yup boarding soon! Two plus 3 handcarry, I bought the shiroi koibito,rmb Popo bought from hokkaido? :D left 5k!
LOL SO PRO. HAHA YOU DIDN'T KNOW SHE PLAYS MEH!
No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
Yeah. Tmr I will also go down bss to collect the forms.
Ok. Me watching tv too.
Mr tan, for those students that stayed on saturday, will points be given?
Not bad too I guess. Nvm 1  week later come catch it when its bigger
K.
Wat r u doing?
LOL go away!!!!
Can u send me already?
Yar lor... Keep raining non stop... Or u wan 2 go elsewhere?
Yea?
Have
Ic.so rain,can i have ur phone number,so i could call or msg 2 u?
eh sorry i would be late
Hi ting wei, hui ling here. Are u free today? Could u pass me a copyof all the documents we signed as early as possible?
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
i at cck ite there now.. meet u opposite interchange?
Ohh ok!
After your movie you want to play mah?
It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
Stop it! Cant take it anymore. Then u go n sleep now lar.
Help me to wash the bag of clothes whenever u r free, thx
Ohh I fell asleep and just woke up again! Omg wow your mum is goodLOL so how now? I can delete them then when your mum ask about it, say"what are you talking about?" Hahaha!! I'm lai chuang-ing as usual!
I also lao sai these 2 days.
They just left only.
where are you?
Hey xin... When will u b goin to nus to hand in ur forms...
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
People thought I at sentosa sia
Gud
okie lah... bo bian also... who ask me... jioed the wrong person out...
Sorry, I just don't understand why you hate it so much
how tall are you princess?
Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
I laughed, and then I felt bad, then remembered I have no morals andlaughed again =P
Okay. Thanks.
Call to me, and i will answer you; i will tell you wonderful and marvellous things that you know nothing about. Jeremiah  <TIME>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
Morning right? What time ah. And where is lt 32
Hu? Who's hu?
Bro
It is possibl. Trust in god. Nothng is imposibl 4 hm. Do only 2 thngs. Pray wel, love him frm depth of ur heart, TRULY
Lol do u?
Okay! (:
Happy new years!
Any problem?
dear, u where le?
Hey, i downloaded liar game final stage to watch again. If uinterested, can get it from me. With chinese subtitles one. Haha.
Ok! Lol math honor gg
No you are evil. :-(
LOL WHAT DID SHE SAY
Haha cool! I reach sch le, sian haha thought can reach earlier in theend my dad go send my bro all the way into the sch, damn waste timethen come out got alot of cars liao): haha oh wells at least youdidn't sleep all the way! Haha oh I leave mine tied hehe did you knowI don't know how to tie a tie?
k..
Oh haha drink honey!
Afternoon.
Hme le dar
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Anna my 4n batery is low.No way of chargin.Pls nw itself let me knw the time dat i should be redy at.Anna can v buy a chargr 4 dis 4n wen v r cumng?
Nvm later lor I still at Home
WOT?
Havent yet eh. Waiting for approval nia.
Sare em chestunau
Aloha
ll go.
Tmr after mno lesson?
Oh... Nice at least its in transcript
Haha next week also out. Don't forget chinese new year. Best is todayactually.
Most probably working leh. Paiseh ar.
Haha aww! I would if I could :)
Lol both night owl sure die... haha I overslept on the mrt and goback one station lo! Sianz super late le! Lol...
Lol my flights are over anyway But if you guys want to be nice and drop by ohwait i'm sealed off at some other location spectators can't go to
Why cant u ans in a yes and no way ..
Woahhh.lol.can onli meet half a year later sia.its like we in diff country.hahahaha.ya vacation going out ah but not back to school I hope.lol.jiayou with ur paper writing though.can I read it after ur finish with it.lol.will I understand what u write btw.hahaha.
Cos lazy 2 go out alone some more raining. U all still there?
I thk tonite cannot... Another day...
Dear all wish u al da best.do ur best.i kw u cn do a gud performance.i hv fvr so cnt cm.im sry. RoZi
Okay! Joce confirm time later. She's one busy bee!
Whr r u
Nope mine has no problem.
Hhaha if possible, please pass me the forms asap. Because I orderedfood already but not tshirts.
Morning! Haha I fell asleep after sending that sms!
busy call you later
Yep on  <#>  le
A girl msgd 2 her boyfrnd:-If u r slpin snd me ur dream
He said its covered.
you eaten ?
We meet 6 e dobby gaught e glass house fish n co, u know? Ok?
Kya puchi thi?
Crazy awkward haha
Take so long sms my hp
merry xmas!! wru partying?
yo school starts must meet for lunch k?
Sweet
K...where am i??
Haha... Only yest? Where?
Ok i'll go home tidy up a bit probably be there before 3
Bhikhari: Sahab Pariwar se dur ho gaya hu Milne k liye  <#>  Rs ki zarurat He. Sahab:Kahan h tera Pariwar? Bhikhari:Samne cinema me "DABANG" dekh raha hai.
cal me
Yo yo please remember my shorts! 2 pairs ah! Dark coloured ones (:preferably denim! Thanks!
I'm here
sorry bhai tera passwd nahi tha... password bhej
Kal se crickt khelne chalega kya.. Janta grnd me..  <#>  l0g he
Dear lg eat le. Noe going home. Love u
Eh sunny!change converse? Ur u mly or chinese? My real name la.why? Tak percaya?
Aight! =P
Sure thing
Ya in seconds bajaj boxer.. u donno?
enjoy the trip next week :D
s ur paper?
Cal kar
If Zhong is unwell who is playing for you?
I thought you'd never ask!
Lols lame! No need la
Thurs got anything meh
Class me ladki ne bra se biskut nikala thoda khaya,fir bra me chupa liya Teacher-ye kya ho raha hai? 1 ladka:sir biskut dudh me duba duba kay khaya ja raha hai
Dinner
Sure why not
so tml @  <#> ? Tml  <#> am will be better for me.
U noe where they sell e frame...  Corinna say can den ok lor...
Haha yeah true! Haha I did a fair amt lah! Honestly I was preparingto have to stay up super late, but I dun have to now haha!
Lol ok I get the hint.
At home got mushrooms anot... Dun have ask daddy to buy ok...
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Where will I meet you? Am here at Tokyo tokyo.
Finish le! Haha quite good movie for.me like typical war movie withhero lol... anyway send ur timetable.online the bang call me for urtimetable lol
Dar now im waiting for bus
Not long ago. After 4 buses of 9 went...
hey al.. thanx for e gift.. haha.. u haf a wonderful time!!
Go say hi lols! U there for comp?
Khtak bhaiis also a gud option
Sorry I can’t not attend your program due to short of time.
Yeah. Have office.. later at night. Will buzz you when I am back
Yeah mark has to work late Sunday and early Monday
Hey gal, wad u doing today? Do u noe if e shops are open today?
Huh
Ya cus I dun wanna stay in chalet do nothing.
on the way
Kk bye
one two three four hit on the dance floor
Haha we may be able to meet on the bus later lol
Sorry ah i go toilet. Now go home bus a lot of ppl. U gd lor can sleep
Nice
if she need such a big one, then many  ppl need it  liao, i mean in soc
Still will be a while. Pork for porrodge not cooked yet.
Vachanu ra
Wow transparency? How u do that lol
Maderchnd kahan hai bhosdi ke kabhi yad ker liya kero
Haha alright. Thanks.
Can do me a favour, help my dad buy 4d... 0197-5big, 8695-2 big. All 2 days.
Wat time coming back? Dinner??
Worth asking =P
No idea, maybe dinnertime
Tmr ah... Go where...
Yup thks!
Eating at  <DECIMAL> ?
Hey Congrats!! Good stuff :-)  let me know date and time of treat :-P
Des I m at basement near com1 b  <#>
Pao I have 3 more friends from university tagging along you don'tmind right? Cos they wanted to eat also and its very hard to get seatsso when I finally managed to call thru I book the whole lot together.
Haha i'm too noob le oh no how why am I even still studying haha Idun know I feel very 不自在
I at home now.. Later after shopping den i go fetch u all lor. And i think u all will shop until quite late rite.
I going arp....
I eating breakfast...Later copy notes frm u...=p
tsk tsk...e 2 of u only hah? heee.... Wait 4 my boss come back ask him qns liao then continue lor, he go meeting...
Did u cl
I am driving
What movie?
Ok no prob... C u then...
Eek
Hes drinking pee now. Ttyl
Hand in le....
No not mess with me
Home le bblp
d give hints..haiz but i havent study for lsm..gosh..
Ya! I watched the MV too! They're so sexyyyyyy. Haha.
<#>  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
I nv subscribe mms service leh. U workin rite can only meet aft work isit?
I dun tink so ba!
ll keep my sat free den..
Hey meet me at law fac about 5 can
Yay!
Bul im in the church nd seated in the place whre u wer refering yestdy.Yah ther's a girl nd a mum.Hope they r the people .But as i'm nt wearing spectacals couldnt c wel.I'l pray 4 u da.:-) by.Tc
OK :-) good morning!
Yeah I think so, where are you btw?
Thanks, Colin!
Other than automation from 4 to 6...u got any other lesson?..
Aiya!! U so naughty disturb me. *blush*
Classroom
UTR NO. HSBCH <#>
Yeah,i do.
Im in sales...u?
I definitely know what you mean. Oh my bookey bear!
t around. Wanna meet up for lunch on Fri?
Haha  <#> am.
Waaa internet sio. Train others lo also not v high level
If he is such a gud than he wouldn't had a gf.
Cannot u eat i mus eat too...
ok
Hey see teng, would appreciate if u can send me the scanned copiesasap. Thank you!
Hmmm, newsweek is ok loh... Maybe we chat some other time when ü free then...  rest early   :)
I AM AT THE GAS STATION. GO THERE.
Dear ah.. there's a chance that I might meet my sis later if her planwith Melon is cancelled.at about 7..k? But I just wan to see u first.
UTR NO.-HSBCH <#>
I wanna try ask for day off. Cus the ppl probably go hm at nite
We went to the eye doc today. I was gonna txt u earlier but they dilated my eyes and small words were blurry.
People I dont know will be at the carnival. Basically people will bring newspapers or clothes to exchange for washing detergent and all that.
Hor now you owe 3 of us one koi each. XD
Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy.. Slowly It Becomes Your Habit & Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life.. Follow It.. Happy Morning & Have A Happy Day:)
you know, i was just thinking.. wanna get a kitty cat next year?
Haha up to you! I just got onto the bus! (: haha probably have butexpensive! As in, my parents will be willing to pay coz the price willbe like normal to them haha:P
No, I won't.
Forgot fruit jellies :(
then i think its ok la... thanks anyway...
Tmrws musas urdu papr so i wil wake early. Aftr dat i wl study my own. Math or chm bcz i hv faild both
Ok.
R u free 2 msg me?
Hahaha that is pretty ew. Bee tee double u, have you seen FMA?
Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
Haha alright be careful on your way eh. :-)
I saw u..
Ya
Uncl came...
all right
Hahaha because room wasnt book for okayyy. I think 7pm
I bought inital d vol  <#>  alr...so i pass to u next time...
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
Hope you are having a great day.
It came early lol
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
Haha okay! Haha my bro dun have sch still! Haha okay I told my mum Igoing sch with abbie ah haha so v random bring back a ball XD but nvmshall just tell her I going to play with friends aft I come back! Hahaokay (: huh!??? I realise you didn't explain!!!!
I ended now can pass u.
Lea yes i from singapore.
Ven i was in 6th!
Alright! Just listened to the others, they sound awesome!
Manuf sold ah?
Good afternoon! In the mrt?
Did u get one?
Collect a train ticket for me on Nov 02, 2014. If you don't get, please inform me.
Okay go get players!
Ok
Watching tv now. I got new job :)
Sardar Maths vich fail kyu hoya" SON:"1st day Teacher kendi hai 5+3=8 Agle din kendi 6+2=8
Wahata, somebody very free hor :P
No need. ic. Go there fill form can liao
10pm
Hee soon. Going to le ah?
Oh nice I tink Lewis will confirm the date and time
I don't wanna lol
will you be flying back in time for christmas?
Where's good for you?
Ya lo marketing...
ok... i need to look more closely at what uvwrite anw.. so no worry.
Po de.
Ok can. Or tml lor dear today i eat with mama
Dunno. Dun think so la. Got painkillers ma. But when I saw her yestit was like looking at a corpse already haha.
Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :(
It's ok. I'm already at your place. Open the door for me leh.
Okay I see I see:))
Yeah today they gave out the report haha.. Oh my your englishsuddenly improve by leaps and bounds! It's idiosyncrasy I think! Andit's not used like that! Oh yucks no! Terrible idea haha! He won'tfeel guilty one lah, I hope he's not my pe teacher next year. Haha<#>  is impossible haha my sbj really max 3 points le, next year I dunthink I can hit 2 points even... Sian this was really the closestchance I had to get gold again:/ did I tell you I got c for  <DECIMAL> by one second? Haha super ridiculous! children's day no present):HAHA funny!!
Nothing will ever be easy. But don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
Lols I tink shld be free. Call me at 2 2moro?
Holiday then go la
Wat the... I too early
Mr james! Mr kwok got a project for ex students. He needs photos ofyour graduation photo urgently. Can lend your photo a while?
Hello you alive?
Sure.  I may not be free to direct them but can get someone to leadthem there.  Is that ok?  Please give them this number.
Juz NW HP suddenly shut down.. at lecture le. Sobs. Where my yeiyei?
Katarni chura pe dahi or chini ki bochar , udi patang or aa gaibochar , mubarek ho apko makarshakaranti ka tuhar . Wish u happy DAHICHURA.
Haha.. just ended.. she said our presentation was good :-)
Kk reach at 4 plus
<EMAIL>
Text Imayams no
Helw jignesh.. Its me suny who hv b0ught ganesha statue frm ur listng.. Plz shp it asap n update its dtails t0o
Ya. Sure.
Post!
2moro Rly can't ar? Only morning le
Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
Yeah until I promised not to do so this morning. Dont worry you arestill gonna feel the fun.
leming says go for contract ones.
Contact for 4 verse crescent. Ricky Sinna  <#>
I dnt wnt anybdy 2 liv ma lif... I thnk i feels mor cm4tbl wid out u. I knw hw 2 liv. I learnd hw 2 liv widout u. I vl show u. U vl c me enjoyng ma lif dan b4.
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
No but I gotta transfer it first.
Yupz... Not bad lor... Weather is good... Haha, nice to shop lor...
<#> ,  <#> ,  <#> !
Lol next time i wait for you to call me la. Everytime you also notfree and cheat my feelings also. :-(
That's a grand idea.
Hi ROLLIN can intro pls?
Hey.. Duwaraka are you asleep? Can you ask Nadee to on her on her phone.. :)
Haha pretty good! You?
Can u please go at 8 o clock 2 monitor rag. My sister has is in hospital. Cant come.
Pig haha idm what you wanna do?
igiftyoulove.blogspot.com see if you all can help. She needs to raise  <#> k.
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
You know it
Yup alright!
Uhh if you go on facebook chat I can show you what I already have... But yesterday I got some advice from a senior so I still need to change some things
Haha alright!
Haha nope finish up my second question first... haha but u got uobmah lol... I just realise I calculate wrong is $ <DECIMAL>  lol...
chap 3,4,5 examples+ slides
raste main ho 1 khani ha
E learning got wad
Oo.. wat happened
gordon they all say mayb can go but not confirm yet. u guys confirm go?
No! I going someone. Los u slit wad hairstyle
K wot evr. Shud reach der b4  <DECIMAL>
Yup eat fulllll lo
Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
Have. Aft tt go gym lo
U all confirm wth xy already ?
Love u dear dear! Hee. I'm so lucky to have u. Eat the chocolate!  Muacks
We were supposed to have one together but your never on :(
Happy new year. Hope you are having a good semester
Haha as in I dun want to stay in school until late... travel backfrom west side at night the feeling very sianz one... I am sure uunderstand lol... ya hor need 1 more T.T... or we play 3man wif normaltiles that time never try! Lol ya lo last Fri I call him he never pickup...
Lol okay nvm tmr you free right?
Im in sch studying. Why eh?
Hahaha x: aiya idm if other people know,I just dun want the teachersgo out of the way to separate us or what, that will be quite lamehaha!
Wait
Ohh no i'm like late! Ooo maybe they're there to keep you safe untilyou reach home heehee:P hahaha I don't know my dad said got 4 out ofthe 5 famous actors, sure nice one! Haha yeap I did x.x morning!
I want to pack my chinese stuff, wow they really not sleepingtonight! Sorry did I wake you up?
lunch?lunch?
K:)k..its good:)when are you going?
it is a ghood invite:-)
U can check the forum... Smeone posted e soln.U sleepin soon... Wana go sch earlier to do it?
yeah lor... like it a lot...
good mornimg to my girl who never fails to make me hot hee
Jet, Jan and Jon?
Hi sorry for the late reply. It's been sold, thanks
LOL YOU DELETE A GAME JUST COZ UNDER MAINTENANCE?
No not yet you wanna drop by?
Omg.u ok mah? Wat happen? Where de pedestrian crossing?
last week just went
So can collect ur laptop?
no need alredy
Dude, this is my new digits.. kindly save it. thanks!
Wich z our 1st xam
ll juz cya at three.... :)
have you reached at home?
Thank you so much i think should be ok
<#>  min me ajaunga
So wat r u doin now? Can i interest u to a walk? Cöz i maybe passin by where u leave later...
That will be great. Im promising myself this so that i will lose weight and tone up a bit properly asap. Haha... Ok, rest early, good nite!
Haha yah, but t means i must wake up around 10. Anyway wat time u reaching? Got reach on e spot rite.
Haha ya lo but the advantage is dun need carry 2 things together lehlol... so still thinking... see wat price this phone can fetch firstlol... haha maybe ... see how first... but got 4 hour do nothing lehlol... come earlier pei me eat lunch haha
Yup! Meet 6pm at somewhere lol. I will be in sch around 4pm for napfa.
Hey Monday wanna meet up?
You still around? Looking to pick up later
So going at nite?
Eh tml meeting at chinatown? Isn't outram closer?
Okay bring ball
Howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
How is job going on?
3 why
くにでにほんごをべんきょうしましたか。means did i study jap in my country? Or did Istudy japan's jap?
Haha.. okok.. in bus now. I check when I get home
Asap!! Or just put in her pigeon home when you go sch and let herknow! Let's do tonight? (:
Eh wad? U keep emoing
Ok.
Eggheads dear wait
Which she?
ok
hee. i took half the snacks over.. baobei reach where le?
Yea isit? I reached the tutorial room nobody?
Hi gal, thanks for the nice testimonial.I din deserve it. Haha.R yr exams round the corner?Do ü have any time next mth to lend me your SAT stuff?
oh,its okay then.see u on thurs.
Cause Fakir is in it =D
My strawberry left not much... Haha... Think u dun have e kou fu already...
Among us u r the earliest already. Tell u slp in dl already, nearer.U can drive back to school tml night and sleep.
No d
Slepng timings ka masla hai yr. Aaj  <DECIMAL>  bje utha tha
Night sweety! Happy anniversary! Xoxo
dun bullshit lah
Hi..B-)
Yeap^^ go sleep go sleep! (: (:
Yo, wannna play mahjong?
Lol you sure your cravings will last till that long?
You disappeared =o
K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
Okay see you Mr lee
Yeah omg who is that?
Hey... U here oredi? Ur car no is 3...
=/ then why you ask about checking in today when you cant?
Few hundreds... haha, locksmiths are supposed to be working 24 hours :)
K..k.:)congratulation ..
Lol you are my participant ^^
Oh god they're free now, huh?
I'm not sure. Maybe 5pm?
Haha she happy I guess! hahaha what obvious qns?? Yup he went down alone:P
Cos i thought he msg u mah so when u reply u sun bian ask him.
Okay
Haha you mean mine estate from your room window? Haha..
Haha fell asleep?
No! For wat
Yup!!! ARE YOU FREE TO WATCH REAL STEEL LATER?
ve met u before. Care to refresh my memory? Sorry, I have short term memory.
No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider
Okay noted.
Keno?amar ph korar blnc nai.tai am msgn u
Oh... Ok lah. 12 at orchard mrt?
<#> min,  I'll call sir.
Hey write that question in a paper n give me after this hour
Wow I just got your sms! 2!
Can u ask baba 2 chek her inbox? Now its ringng.
When do you work this week
Hahaha oh I sent that msg when I put down the phone! Finish dinner le(: yeap we have all the time we need probably! Ooo haha I stillhaven't see you play before! Haha noo i'm not tired i'm doing Englishnow! Ooo haha expensive tea:P I wonder how wm looks like inside nowhaha!
Haha okay>< nope haha I dragged my bro down! Haha I dunno how I didit leh! But only once haha emo!  <#> !!! Omg): I also want hahaha!
Sure why not goh told me ytd lol
LOL gosh I never even check hahahahaha
Ippt s <#> d
If the business or customer stop using the service then the infostill left on the server, wat happen
koun sa
Ur epooxy come already. Paid already.
Haha yeah anywhere! I told Chester i'm getting off at bb though! Hegoing back to sch!
Current law trend...reiteration in employee...
U from my MEMORY
Aight we're coming, bring stuff dowb.. I'm almost positive it's toobig to go in the back
s goin...
Hmmm this wk at night free not.meet eat dinner lor.haha.interview will chim de meh haha just talk onli wat.ur company got outsource IT systems or wat to pple rite?
Haha yeah I was dancing abit, cannot stand it my heels are painful!!Cannot even last one dance!! Haha damn creepy this guy keep coming todance beside me even though I was with weiren or sth!! I dunno leh,I'm leaving hostel at  <#> ! Later going hostel bathe first! Whatchadoing?
Im at pink table ... u finish tut then come and look for me lor ...
We r outside already.
Meet you evening
Ask me lol then u disappear!
Botha to rr......
Kuchi metai.
Dinner yo
i gt proj management, soa, principles of information security,service systems. gt 1 more i forgot which. haha
Thanks! Im coming over soon.
Hi ting wei, are u free on Thurs at  <DECIMAL> am? We just receivedthe contract. Would need help to clarify on the terms etc..:-)
U?
Reminder: my place this sat. Some air force frens will be there.No need to bring anythg, really. If u dunno location, can msg me on hp.
Haha okay. Today I pon class leh.
ask them got any sms messages to gif me lei...now me only got like 100 over not enuff...u all online rite...when u all taking a break then type and forward to me...but if u all busy wif work then nvm...
Hmm k k!
just always be yourself don't care about what other say's
On*
Haha okay (: ooo what did you say then?? Haha dun have, but don't you have db?
We din do much, cept i treated them to a movie.Me meeting menghong for dinner n then we r going to see a squash fren of ours at causeway pt.Had yr dinner yet?
Okay la
Set! See u
Btw, what are you up to tomorrow?
Ye short mai hi hai. Chor de. Tu ne 7 ques karaNAY hain. 1 kr lia ha khud
<#> min's, i wil call you sir.
No.
Hey so tmr we meet  <DECIMAL> am at buona vista mrt??
Hahaha I going interview now.later see how.chest ache leh.hahaha the Buddha clap too much.lol.
I am sorry to ruin it. I definitely didnt mean it my dear.
Yeah..Very free nothing to do le..No one look after me or give me thing to do..I think call u also can le.hehe..
Diu le loumou
Ya, v long nvr meet up liao... U la, e bz one...muz set one day b4 i go off...
Later u coming 2 our commencement? Shuhui n ben coming, think ryan also. Up 2 u lor.
Haha I can, either with enough sleep or during exam times haha! Alotof stress so I react to my alarm within the first few seconds it ringhaha! i'm like halfway through, it's like  <#>  pages of notes mygoodness! Haha I dunno, sim  <#>  or  <#>  bah!
In line  <#>
Icic. Which lvl 3 core u taking then?
<EMAIL>
Find one day can take photo with your dog...Ok...
Hmm..not sure.. Is it my hon lab? By way,i will be late,reach ard 10.30pm..maybe you all can start first.
tu aa to saho
Hhaha mrt. Bus very long leh.
Wah i thought you want to recover the files?
Hey u wan me pass u the calculator after movie on my way home??
Gd morning...
Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
Nvr sign? Come sch print
ya. he told me abt some of them, so i was expecting some ugly looksfrom them. so plastic seems better than ugly looks.. but nvm, u onlysee them once a yr so no need stress liao. :) the docs u preparefinish?
Ohh so fast! Come tampines then! :D
Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent.
I sit on him...Den squeeze his face. Hope he faint...Höhò.
aiyo. this pain i cannot help u, my massage not powerful enough.tahan until weihao come back help u massage.
Haiz my mum dun let me go dragonboat
<#>   <#>    <#>  - HSBC BANK
Not everybody,most people. But you were one of the craziest I think.Different!
Bye! Omg!!!! >< T.T I want to say sorry): take care and have a safetrip home okay!!
You're doing hr isit? I'm in school if you need a lift there.
6 min.
Erm leo's mum playing so think no need le. Paiseh.
I told you I need it eh.
Lol oh yeah. Anything la lol.
Huh then for now all no internet leh!
Yeah probably, I still gotta check out with leo
Lol the shirt is with Jeremy. I made everyone pay  <#> th lehhhh
I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
Swt. Ok.. Rest well
Ok
Hey after 5pm free? Wanna play mahjong?
U took my back gate card?
n
We coming out le.. where u?
The weekend is almost here tho =D
Sure :-)  8 am! Gnite!
Padmapper
Did you get the mail?
Nice! Our schedules are gonna be crazy when I get home! XP
Ohh wow did you sms me the same time I sent you my msg? Haha cool!
Home.
LOL yeah I went to trace the path you might walk then I found it!!They scammed me and told me my bag will be in my room LOL. haha I toldSophie le, but.have to turn up for cca still! yeah damn lucky!!! Hahadue today but only one group handing up I think LOL.
Hey sign up for standard chartered debit card at Cl. They give freemovie ticket. No strings. Tell I referred, might get extra free stuff
Wa jog again T.T... I wanna exercise too I so fat le sob sob sob waitu dun want me how! The snack is not potato arh healthier lol
We will meet on wednesday time and venue to be confirmed later
Yo u got use webcam one? Me trying out msn live. Trying the webcam function.
That's really good :) I'm sure it'll work out... and hey, no snow! :P
I reaching later. Just woke up
Bad... how did you do? Btw screw dbs
Hi, I'm interested in your Villa Verde unit. Can you tell the housenumber and street and approx built up GSF area?   Thanks, Min
heeee. orh! enjoy the show. hee
Hey xin ah... So tmr u goin 4 evaluation?
Hmm yeah that will be awkward!!!
I havent leave my house yet eh. What time you okay.
haha! thanks! happy new year to u too! all the best in ur studies nevrrything else too
Wat time coming my hse 2moro
please write ur name on e cover.
Yup sure. Thanks! :-)
Hiiiiiii how was your test?
I when free
Where u going today
April 2
Yes ....i like it.just told it..my job designation is technical support executive..
Today?
Lol opps... haha I reach pasir ris le! Haha u cache go run arh I godo work lo just need if power plug lol
Can you ask Paula if  <#>  is free tomorrow?
Nop
Wat did ü say...
s 59 bucks...
Ok cya there
Hey I'm done, but I going library first
Not interested in the security job.
Woooould you like to hang out later that night by chance? =D
chile, please! It's only a  <DECIMAL>  hour drive for me. I come down all the time and will be subletting feb-april for audition season.
Happy birthday ruyi! Haha sorry tmr not free to celebrate with you,gotta chiong assignments. See you on saturday! :-D
Hey when can u send me the point
Ok, Can..
We just assign which analysis each other need to do and draft 1 or 2question that u need to ask for ur part by this Sunday night thensend... I tink u r in charge of a-c under the group project thedescription paper
Omg what the!! Hahaha why like that! I'm still waiting for her:P sostarted yet?
Hmm.. Fusion? Haha. Got chicken, dory, steak all these de lah. Horhor, i sent u menu before, u nvr read!
Oh alright thanks!!!
Gdmrng.ami ei uthlam..shn ami 2to nagad 2r 7the mt kre nbo.i wl stay wt u 4 2 hrs,c uncl nd go hm.wl dat b ok?let me kmw
I tot u already added??
U free wan go shopping?
Ok.. btw we are doing advertising for all food stalls as well right?The reservation is only for restaurants but advertising for all foodoutlets.correct?
Lynette! Can you help me to confirm the gls? I got 8 students fromassumption english sch already.
Haha where are you now?
Take these lips that were made for kissing and this heart that will see u through and thes hands dat wer made to touch and feel u. Come,come,come into my world .Wont u lift me up up high upon ur lov Na na na.. . .
Duno not v sure search on e net. Mayb u try something like net bean or jbuilder.
Kk I finished lesson le, should be back within an hour, provided thewaiting time for bus is short. Hehe
Sms me again when u send me the email...thanx..
Lol sia.baaaaa then I stay in xinrou house hibernate.outside wet wet not gd for shopping.haha.
Lol waste my bus fare =(
Waa gg. Whole day gone
they received e mail... Joce and wend got in
Failed?
I wld wanna go... Haven buy new clothes yet.. But supposed to meet yixin after her work, tryin to change e appt with her now. Confirm with u later.
Or the lounge near my room also can
Best msg: It's hard to be with a person, when u know that one more step foward will make u fall in love.. & One step back can ruin ur friendship.. good night:-) ...
Okay. We're outside le.
m at e left side today , 2nd last row...
Opps no hav. But need meh
Haha. Ya very fast one becoz we'll be doing filming first. Have toask director gaowei if he needs to film u loh. What time u've toleave?
Post! MYTHO WHY DID YOU LEAVE YOUR WIFE
m workin in e morn still wat...
Warna aj tum khud hi phle din rule brk krti.
Hahaha chey I thought who.
Hey, chunmin said meet  <DECIMAL> am outside tampopo at liang courton monday. Can anot?
Dunno lei ü all decide lor. How abt leona? Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
Yay^^ haha shucks sorry, keep you up the whole night! Haha ooo okay!Ehh I did say I cannot rmb what I wanted to say le right! Hahaha omgboth of us are so forgetful!
Life Is Revolving Wheel. Help Thos Who r In Lower Half.cos In Next Turn U vl Need Their Help... gmhv a nice day ahd..... - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Were are you?
Hmm ok lor. But if tomw u can or not?  me going take photo w shuhui then c if she wan c also.
Hahaha Swype put "coming" for "cooking" at first
Lim tee taj
Hahaha really? Cool! Why not with your family? Hahaha why eatporridge! I'm eating that for lunch too:P
They've gotta have since kind if no fly list at least
5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
*done
Haha dun have la! All of us dun have haha, i'm going to sit at thevotes counter in awhile!
Yup to replenish your sodium. Should probably try some chivas too. XD
I've been trying to reach him without success
I mean if you dont get that excited anymore then how leh?
Ok, sure. Thank for coordinating this, jack.:-)
I.ll post her out l8r. In class
Love love u!! Run safely argument. Muacks
鞎堧厱!
"Sweet" sa time dekhkr, apne "Sweet" se apno ki yad aai to socha ki"Sweet" sa sms kardu taki hamara "Sweet" sa "Relation" thoda or"Sweet" ho jaye:)§den§,tk
Nice! Thanks! Happy new year!
s ur email?
Hey Mr lim. I have done the patch work on a3 size paper. Do u have a3scanner to help me scan? Thks
We all bitching about you now. We expect xiao long bao buffet at holland v.
LOL! I forgot if you ate it ytd! Hahaha omg last man is just damnscary>< hahaha so sneaky! I bet if I were there sure won't get deHAHA. The concert is really just so bright I cannot get into theconcert mood! Yay tmr!!!!! Have fun tonight haha! i'm sitting withChester haha, Raghav and tham only came for dinner then timo went tosit with someone else!
Wah try again eh. Sometimes will like that.
0ye amite jawab to de bhai;->
Aiyah, see first lor. I change into my running attire liao. My place here also a bit dark liao.. Hmm..
Ya. U  need my new password?
What time would you guys be leaving on the bus?
I do <3 tacos
Okay noted.
Hehe..Then u stay home whole day ar..
"Anything is valuable only in 2 situations: First- Before getting it.. Second- After loosing it."..
5 can?
Yup... How ü noe leh...
Important! Quick!
Uhh this ends pretty late :/
Never sleeping early. Sleep is for the weak!
Awwwwwwwwwwwww afternoon reh
Vishvasikkumoo ennariyilla.njan vallathe kaahtappettu.now sitting on the footboard of a kumali bus to reach erumeli.in between my in between leg got injured after long walk.
Jump on u! Sleep somemore my yei yei girl!
Eh u mean the mcqs? If you did closure for every attribute then shldbe able to get ba? But got none of the above also ma. Anyway I'm goingsch earlier if you're there liao maybe easier to discuss lol
Aiya, ah mei dun wan watch movies...
Papa kiul pahuch bhi gaye.
>
Tys  coming?
Later tell u
nothing much
K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
Let's Tango!! Visit  <URL>  to download the Tango app on your phone and we can video call each other right now!
Lea u can try to sms to my hp? +659726531
I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den...
Mr tan, can I book food for  <#>  people through gebiz tmr?
Okay I am going back school. Think about what you wanna do.
Can. how about yours and wils?
Oh got 5 to  <DECIMAL> pm de! U want?
Sorry machan, I was up until 4 as well.. woke up at 8, then saw itwas too late. We ll play very soon. I ll book
Hahahhahaa he'd probably be amused
Hmmm...Dun have leh... Y do u nd it... Oh u noe photographic society got meetin on wed, wana go?
Im reachng.
Haha thought you searching for jobs?
Good have fun :)
Hee. Good boy! Love u lots
Congratulations. Fr. Bob
Ohh wow:o sian damn laggggg
Uhh remember to bring my H1CL textbook tomorrow...
Boring. Whole hse so quiet. Watchu doing
he is outside now, so can only check  when he gets home later. Iupdate u again.
No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
did u did the project?
Haha why can't say hi? I decided not to anyway:P
s e thg dat u dun wana c leh... Oh izit... I wan to c ur eye candy!
Wooodlands
school would be good. do u have the tutorials, readings etc by anychance? if no it's ok too.
Haha alright can. No problem.
Haha. Okay. U tell the rest n see what they say loh.
Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
lol. u shld go slp more
My legs dun give a shit. My arms excited
I realized tt we didn't come to a conclusion for the quote thingyhor? Haha. U try to add in my narration. If u feel tt it can beimproved, we retake on fri also can loh, together with chunmin oryammy. So fri we reshooting my part at hdb also? Can? Before u gofetch your gf loh. Haha.
Ehh omg don't you have to pay for smsing me?!
Ü supposed to b on da bus y ü go n eat yoghurt...
Aj holiday hai kya teri?
Ok.
My phrase.
Hihi sorry can you help me tell liu boarding is wasting my time andI'll be quite late! And help me check my paper please!
Happpppy birthdayyyy!!!
When are you doing shipping stuff tomorrow?
Kiss u. Hee. Where is my baobei already?
Skip!! Is Mahaica you livin?
Rest assured that evaluation forms are looked into with lot of intrest. However we are in the process of using this evaluation more effectively. We have recently set up a cell in UOl naming Quality Enhancement Cell. This cell is developing comprehensive mechanisims for evaluation and then to gather quantitative data for implementation. Can you please inform me about your department. I will pursue the concerened HOD to do the needfull. Nasir
Sorry! I was driving to starbucks :*
Minimtm
John  <#> . <#>  romans  <DECIMAL> ,  <#> . Philippians  <DECIMAL>
Haha yeah ah that's true. Eh i like your guitar leh. Nice feel and tone.
m fine... ñ wish to chat wif ü guys. Can sms to 96792371. K....
In Singapore!
Okay your mom gave permission? Watching house. Gonna pack up soon.
Cannot cancel one leh!
Cool.. can you let Ramees know that there is no need to worry?
3 days will be just fine
Waa how come all rs so cui... U gonna hav cool down period?
M i takin e laptop w me or u leave it w u...
Saw rashmi in sch just now leh. At ard  <DECIMAL> pm. UOL so earlyknock off one meh now adays? She's still working there right?
Ooo icic okay! Apparently Maxwell food centre is not the one withgood prawn noodles ohh wells! Haha cool okay! (: haha icic but yournric and everything shows  <#> /2 right? Can't change de what! Hahathe shiroi koibito expires on your bday btw:P
Ill ask my friends:-)
Dumbbells. Light weights,dont worry. I dont do heavy weights anymore. Who's shin otake?
! not 7!
Yes.
Which cls is now?
Beautiful shot. Now move on. In the shadows
OHH hahaha can also!! LOL need so many!?!?!
I din manage to finish but should be able to pass.
I passed le, can suan u now! Eh wad happened to u?
The one with your info!(:
hi how are you? am coming to you on monday
Cant leh. Or u go edit the pg homepage.html lor, u go paste the address in... Wat lunch break, now wat time already, v lazy mah, then wait 4 my boss return
Eh can't dos u know I nvr pangseh fren one! Lols Thursday u jio me laI sure go
is this yiyun?
Cum out of ur rum..
Lol yeah cya then :)
Oyea.
Oh my god....enna de
Haha hokay. No problem.
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Hey may and joyce, just a reminder to send me the notes by mon nightya. I intend to have them printed out on tues morning. Is  <#>  goodenough?
If he doesnt mind, I am willing to offer my full assistance.
m going 2 c movie w u on christmas eve?
dunno
I'm ok...
Hi Marc, can you ask your developer to bring his laptop?
HAHA YES THE FULL THING. YOU WANT? I CAN SEND YOU. YES THAT IS APROBLEM. HAHAHA mcmurry is like freaking  <#>  pages!!!!
How cheap is your cheapness?
Good evening:)
Oh...i oso feel lk changin leh...Wana do either arts or engine...
U ah, u busy shopping n forget who ur boyfriend is? Haha... Den i busy eating n forget abt u already lor.
4 batteries
I'm drowsy lol
Hm. Just not valid with promotion... There is a 20% off and a $5 discount. Ü see which one gives a better deal. Eh. My hair colour super duper obvious... die.
K.
Back?
Brt
m goin sentosa... Paiseh...
I want to run like the wind
Haha woooooah. I have no idea
Yah bring it along, thanx. Actually i ate on sat with yj, and we waited for 1 hr, but we take e q num and go elsewhere 1st. Tmr weekday shld not be dat long.
I applied on friday,but dont think approved yet.
Watching The Boys LOL.
Lg reaching clementi statuon. Hee. Kiss u. I reach yishun le yell u.
Going kukupalli ra
All the best for your exams
Wanna play man. Argh watchu doing
Hey! I just realized there's a target nearish if I reeeeally needsomething... you saved meeee =P =P
Yup.
TLC channel now quite nice
ll b a bit late... Cos rainin heavily...
Happy homecoming. Have a day as awesome as you.
Lols! Sj going himself. Not wif me
Haha okay... Today weekend leh...
I have make more changes to the final report..uploaded liao...pls usethe lastest report...
Rain,can u call mi nw?97482959.
Oh oh. Hmm lol okay. So now the thumbdrive cannot be used?
Hello radiance here. Are u going to sofra soon?
In system de.
Nvm la next time. Tml do eg in sch, but I not sure when we free.
what time ü end then? we are at og
Nvm then. I helping out at open jse
Hahaha at first we lazy, decided not to go then stay in clementilibrary, then no internet so now we going to nus! Buying soya bean icecream! I dun think I will finish by the time you finish><
Uuuuuuuuu. Muacks. Real kiss.
You bunked!
Hee. Today i accept happily. Dont know watt to Di without u too bblp.Reach yishun le. U lei
i find u at train tail?
Meet at  <DECIMAL>
K
Anything lor is she coming?
Nothing.. watching grandparents watch serial..Just woke up?
Ehh wait no, wrong person!
Watching House. Whoa sleeping so early?
Ohh heehee np nope!!!! XD
s hall bash lor... Ask ur frens along oso...
Wow, that was really hard to type.
Np (:
Where r u now? I finish oredi...
Wah heng cally havent reach my house lol
Kor, bravo! welcome home and we love you very much!
Htcdroid
Yupppppp cheryl's mom fetching us home.
i ask ard...wait ar...
Haha sorry what did you say? After waking up you realised something?My dad was talking to me also x.x
Oh.. Haha... No la... I think i go tomorrow... I need to come to school tomorrow anyway...
Y did u cal?am at kojil *Dial  <#>  for the FREE Lifebuoy RingIn Tone!*
hmm. grievance, feel wronged or hard done..
Ya... socks too
By a patient zero who infected many others. His name is timothy tay
I tink jurong point ba. Wad time?
Sad? Why'
You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about
HAVE A NICE DAY.
Hey, i missed your msg just now becoz i was settling a complain. I'vetaken note on the printer n bal stock issue. Anyway, i've alsorecorded the complain incident in the occurence book for yourreference.
Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
S..vl u?
Hahaha ya I tot so too.get A nia leh yl they all all A+.lol.dunno wat Sarawak boi get.
Eh help me on odac design tonight
Ay paiseh din check my fone yest.btw,u free later?wana visit fion?
Around the house!
Hahaha why!!! What did i do?
Hi there, lea ere.
K:) k :)
Thought she graduted from poly already?
Waa Sianz. I dam Emo sia. I room alone staring hmwk. Zzzzz
Hey john, i've arrived.
I m missing u.
Shirin's mother expired . Come home immediately .
Soooo
Not comfortable enough?
Haha as in suspect that I like you lah! Haha :P :P oh no got takeyour medicine? Haha! You could study with me but you'll be potato cozyou dun have a need to study!
ve oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao...
s not at home leh... Just went out... I ask tmr?
Train le. Dar
I took for u bedsheet le
Okay... You decide ok?
Haha okay (: I'm going chalet!
Yup.  meeting ah
Eh buay sai leh tmr pick gf from airport.lol.
Did you see my sms?
If you're feeling good can you bring it over when ct ends around 4+? Nat says he has stuff with you too
Bhai kal sham ko par mje sharam ati he kis muh se bt karu ab;-(..
Ghalib Institute nr Bal Bhawan & Mata Sundri College I T O .Sunday<#>  am to  <DECIMAL>  am.
Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 ü too...
Haha I don't really dream! Your dream was really funny haha! LOL Iknow la!!! Hahaha i'm not a chem god x.x very noob one x.x haha luckyI ate with you two, if not tonight no one to eat with!
Waitin forbus lo
Ok ok:-):.
Y bishan lei... I tot ü say lavender?
What crab? Peiwen bought ar?
I printed it. Think can share.  Reaching soon..at nus high
No u didn't. Haha. Ya. I'll be able to make it in the afternoon.
Yea, please. My ic is <#>, u shd noe the rest =)
Haha write about ayumu's house and compare difference in how they dostuff compared to you!
Hey ü taking computer sci ah?
hee. u are my baobao mah. wat to do leh? muacks
Hokay... I'm taking my phone back now xP
What's that?
Nope dont think so. Going friend's house. Ask your friend wanna playmahjong eh.
Haha then we with leo's dad bah. Haha
Hey u free at 4?
Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
U called me?
Slept?
try to remember wht i said yessterday.and dont forget to bring it tommorow
Have booked table at angel restaurant at faculty club. Meet at twelve noon at outside the restaurant.
Uhh you have to be reeeeaaaaallllly careful there
huh.. so today u bettin again? wat ya wanna bet...
kkie...i meet u 1pm at the bugis mrt..
m in a movie... Collect car oredi...
yara yaad nai ha...lite bhi nai ha, warna dekh kar bata deta
Simei nxt stop tampines. U can go le
:P saw it coming! Yeah today only chem! Hahaha if its any othersubject I think I might die studying it the entire day haha! yeahhaha._. And dun let my kids eat too much later they become fat. Oooicic! I only like if it's toasted:P haha he will murder me and whoeveris nearby when he cannot get his com to work will see no end to hellman! Oh I dunno! Actl I should just read the stuff then go sleepright, then day before chem do revision paper!
Not dis msg swety d msg card.
I put on like 3 kg!!
Itni br thanx kyu kh rhi hai?
Lol why eh. Some people stalking you?
Just bath finish so shiok! Haha ya true.... but this laptop bag isgood lol... not heavy by itself so easy to carry... haha is lucky nocareless and my last qn 5 mark I tink I got working mark 2 mark lol...lol maybe u also get very high leh lol
Yeah
Ü say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
Ok, sir.
<#>  to ur account? Ok I now transfer
Hi. Aiya how r u? What r u doing now. When r u coming to badulla?
All here...
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Hey.. further door ... dun forget today got quiz!!
Where are you ?
Got any place?
Haha just kidding lah! I'm totally fine with you spending time withyour friends! I mean, they're your friends, somemore since prisch de,must treasure the friendship haha! Yay you jiayou too!
it was great meeting up with you guys. hope to do it again soon!
Well, about an hour ago but I had to uh deal with a cut lol
Hmm all the products are still the same?
Can, im stayin at j.E st24 blk244
Lol $ <#> and a backpack each.
Hi, I'd actually prefer Mon or Tue or Wed. If Thur or Fri prefer morning..
Both. Hee. I think  <#>  can taake
HAHA AWESOME!! CAN I MEET HER HAHAHA
Yeahyeah. Wanna go get breakfast with me and stacy? What are you doing later?!
paper sahi ho gaya tha?
Hi da..happy b'day!
Dunno... My mum is still bathing.
Lols pull eveything!
Hahaha maybe I can recognise her but forgot names =X
why no response for activity?
Oh! Haha I didn't know that. Oh you guys.
I going arp....
Bro there is some updates. Go have a look. And comment me.
There's a Copy Store close to the Festival Office.
ok,...cya then!
Remind u wad Oo
m just leaving my house now. Gonna be late again... Ahhhh...... Hey when ü wanna meet up with weiyi?
Ok just wait
Not today sia 2moro test
Sounds better than my evening im just doing my costume. Im not sure what  time i finish tomorrow but i will txt you at the end.
Haha tinu
Ok so far got ryan, lewis loo and me! Waiting for nicky yuhan dillonvivien's reply!
do u wanna go out?
May da good times&treasures of da present become the golden memories of 2moro.Wish u lots of love,joy&happines. MERRY CHRISTMAS *Support Gen. Sarath Fonseka*
Where r ü... Sleeping... Ben is picking me up at bishan mrt at 12... Ü wan to come along...
))): haha i'm such a pig omg th brought so damn much food:o haha Ishould eat agar powder!
Its a big difference.  <#>  versus  <#>  every  <#> hrs
Ok
Very:)
Yes absolutely love going to museums. Definitely checking it out!
I'm a Roose Bolt...on and I made RamsayWell I'm fuckedCause Stannis is gonna get meSo betray RobbDefect just to refectAnd I'd promise you anythingJust to be the North's wardenAnd Fat WaldaTies me to theyFreysNobody wants to pick a fight with the  Lannisters (wants to pick a fight...)
But ur team the other two guy oso wear formal leh... I saw other team no one wearing formal oso -.-"
Goin home now lor...
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
LOL it's okay! (:
Haha.. 2 plus BA..we go library find books
Andrew, wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
hw r u
2moro come my room do?
Oh... I c i c... Haha, xin ask u to take away food 4 her, pau or smethg... Gee, can help me buy packet milo? Thanx sweety...
Yo,tdy was fun,went fr eng lesson bt end up play catching, visited amuseum & went shopping!Bought some stuff!They gave us  <#>  for dinnerbt I only spent  <#> !:D I ate alot ytd & this morning,so lunch anddinner eat less:D hehe!I hv alot of unglam pics!btw, do you rmb whereyou put the crossstitch I did?
K.. Luv u..:-(
Sindu got job in birla soft ..
Haha. Not back it up ar? I know their latest song nia. I'm so trendy. Omg.
I think there's a girl <name> doesn't like, but no one else I know
nope. celebrated last weekend. hsha. seeya on thurs.
Hi ppl! Let's meet at 4pm in sch to chiong powerpoint haha :) thankss!
Post! Naaaahhh turns Drossely
AEM
Ok.take care
Yoyo! There's no ushers here):
Got enough money anot?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
t be going back today as it is still raining heavily here too. going back tomorrow instead.
It was pretty eh
wat context?
Help me record betelnut beauty at 2, channel u... Ur goin shoppin later?
Some are going to half adult size already. Can be easily seen liao.
I'd really like to =) is there anything you can't eat right now?
Soooo we're chillin' outside
Hahhahah kk kk (:
Maybe  <TIME> ?
Stuck in traffic at Bukit Timah.  :( sorry
Hu is UI sia.lol.
Wah okay lo :-(
K
Okay>< sorry for making you potentially late><
s raining.... =(
Only 2 days leave:)
Sj pettyboy <#> . Yh went hm haven come back. Joel go out with vivien
Free?? Lols wat time
Ha bhai
u interested in coming ?
I can try, but I have class D=
Nashta kr ra tha..gagagaga .suba 5 bje soya tha
Lol haha random
Okay thanks alot!!!!
Yes had dinner!
Think of a plan
I love you so much
Best Quote said by Bill Gates."I wil alwaz choose a lazy prsn to do a dificult job bcoz, Definitly he will find an easy way to complete it.
Yo wanna join xt and eve and moi for dinna?
LOL YES HAHAHA
m at tp mrt now... Where u wana meet me...
Yes
Hey guys... Where r u ?
Me male, u lah
Rofl!!!
Hi.
I mean friday
s cuo.
Hey so sorry can't go. My dad fren coming over
what time you reach sch ?
Can't find!
Not really. Mayb can include in intro
Thank you princess! You are so sexy...
Obata saha paule semata labanna wu nawa wasara sathuta samaya sapiri, saubagyamat wasarak wewa..!
Ok ok just thought u want a lift. I may go down earlier too. Will call u... Need to find a good tailor in far east.
Meet her le!
Soon,
Lol
I thought it's referring to someone know as Theodore in the past de.
Was so early! I'm on my way from far away lol
Wa really got the second last bus so lucky!
Hf is wat?
wad u bringing?
ve got class on sat...
Jus finished test.   Gg
Yeah funny show lol
Wah fish&co yes!
How awesomez
I realise wat my issue was already..felt tt the issue u raised wasnot elaborated enough. Didn't show different views to show why there'sany dispute to make it an issue..
Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
Cool! Hahaha!
Can I come to your home show my new tshirt that I bought yesterday?
Open space is where?
Kaiez... Wa u haven collect ah, thgt u collect oredi... Ok, call u later...
LOL OKAY ANYTHING!
Hi, i cld u, thk u r busy. Wn u r free let me knw. Any gud news? Tc buddy.
Eh when's your btt ah?
pokee u! reach home safe dear. where u now le
Is there study time today?
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
No no its fine! The new Swype isn't nice ):
Okay! Hahaha hope I don't then! You sure can ah! dun come out if itwill make it worse!
Eh shd be ok.can.
Cca fiesta would be on next week. Hmm can but tmr im unable to gosch. Next monday are you free?
Ok then c tmr can eat lunch tog a not lor... Dun disturb u liao... Do ur tut dun thk of me... Hee...
Love u da
go kayaking today?
Oh okay then thurs night?
U will only be needong tuition for sunday right?
Hey dearies...Juz in case u are interested...Mango 50% off =)
hi everyone
KBCQ A
Kk so meet wad time at tpy
Got win?
Im reaching in  <#>  hopefully. Bus hasnt arrive T.T
Yo yo. Please be reminded that tmr need to reach mpss at  <DECIMAL>eh :-) see you!
Sorry, I really didn't mean to ditch you guys, I just figure we'dhave to leave fairly soon anyway
Wanna call?
what r u doing ah? i am bored leh
Kaha hai?
Nxt week on then go do agn. Eh got play killing foor?
Ohh): I just went to take medicine, I think I caught a cold!
Ok dear judt now took a nap le hee
Hahaha sounds the same to me. Leogoh sounds better XD
Ya i know u nvr, u so lazy! Haha. --_--" dotz.. I meant need to helpu take mno PRACTICE exam paper anot. Haha. Are u okay?
ll miss u... Wat u doing? Having ur lunch now?
Yay! Haha
Nvm at most swap wire not that big of a deal
Wat scissor curry rice? Boon tong kee or fivestar chicken rice? Bak ku teh?
Oh haha okie
Hey they haven't turned my phone off yet. Woohoo!
Yeap!
Sms me when u are ready
Then why meet at clementi? I go find u?
Stupid siyi... Rem to bring my ring on sun ah...
Yes i meant dat
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
A boy masturbates evryday & keeps his sperms in bottles 1day 1of his frnd come nd askd-Wht r al dis? Boy said-YE SAB MERE BACHHE HE JINKO MAA KA PYAR NEHI MILA.
godamn...why is this hell happening to me
Hahaha omg so cool!!! Sian we don't have stuff like this le lor):
Uhh can you tke care of my bottle i left it at the bench :/
m leaving my house now.
Okie thanks alot! Dun mind if I just modify urs and sent since thereare no mark involve =x.... lol 1 mark only and still higher thanaverage lol... I tink is the last part ur working mark lesser
Left because I didn't really care about anything else after the movie
Where you
That means it was just for that two days. If ppl are interested inthe tampines web portal, we just have to give them an introductionloh. Very easy one lah. Whole day slack, nothing to do one. Maybe uask your mum to check with her YP got any temp job openings anot loh.Or u can go online to find mah.
U wan den sign up la.... Ask ur fren lor...
Balance being eat le ma?
Nvm. I don't think need to submit hardcopy. Is subi called me saydickson asking, so i told him maybe i just drop tg a msg.
Hey where can i go to print stuff in school?
Da sardines ü used like put very long oredi izzit...
Yea wake up like  <DECIMAL>  am. Gg got math honor test 2moro morning T.T
Print le.. Can cook fish? Or fish for tonight?
Hello hello my loff! I'm in the library making copies of the opera :)
aiyo. sayang ur bum bum. i in top le.
goodnyt sweetdreams
Aiya, later i not so early...
I am ok everything. thanks for your concern. Where are you?
Lols why need me plan? I cant smthing on 2moro
Can i meet ü at 5.. As 4 where depends on where ü wan 2 in lor..
I tink at least 8 ppl den fun. U wan I jio sohjie shaohao yuanhan?
Pink table
Hi, Simin. Can i meet u in the afternoon instead? So i can finish my breakfast. =D
Maybe there's a bar code?
Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
Sobs'''''
yar example  <DECIMAL>  main - <#> dBm= <#> pW kase ho gaya ha- <#>  to  <#> nW hota ha
Saturday I free le. Wan do any shitz
I have no idea... maybe ferreted away by unicorns...
Sounds bad? Blairzmin sounds bad ah hahaha
Oh okay.. yay!
No more lect but have to bring my laptop to comp center... Cant join u :(
Tt Idk. Make u wanna throw stuffs at ppl car rite
Have you sent the email with the admin instructions and registration details for Rovers camp yet? I can get to it tonight
Suny.. Mje bhul gya?
Haha thanks hanlin. Wish you all the best for your future endeavors.
Probably yeah
BUT STILL!!!!!!!!
Ooo okay! Thanks! Hahaha dun need write abstract is it??
Hahaha ooo I'm coming!! One more stop!!
Going to take your babe out ?
Mon okie lor... Haha, best is cheap n gd food la, ex oso okie... Depends on whether wana eat western or chinese food... Den which u prefer...
Work time?
Nub why stop training
Hey suying... Did u have ur lab coat w u now? Cos my fren nds it...
erm.. ya. will be adding to the dovument tonight.. i just see whatuvwrite then add on. ps.
Hey, tell shuling that the menu for next tue's mno <#>  talk is outin dr koh's latest email too! Haha. Btw, mno <#>  right, we'll bemeeting on tue at 4pm. Okay hor?
Yeah barely slept. I might be going over to hostel only by tmr morning. Is that fine?
Same as previous time, 2pm
If u cant find the brighter side of life.. Then polish the darker side Attitude of Adjustment is the only instrument to live a life..
Msg lo
My mum says fish cheat mifen!
Haha for tmr. Lol my house go orchard easier.
Lol im sorry just now movies mah. Told you le.
Shit. Hope you woke up on time. I overslept
Haha I will keep waking up>< haha okay!! Jyjy!!!! (:
Me having brunch lor... Then xy depends on whether her mum got buy a not...
Y u never make appointment?
Dear which floor which shop?
I dont know. Meeting in the afternoon. Then dont know do what.
Wht doing
Helo k.reen! Hw r u? Nice 2 koe ya.r u e k.reen i koe,who s 23f frm sabah?
Nop
1 Corinthians 3: <#> . Praise be to God.
Ahh how>< call Starhub?
Can't le many ppl running later no one help ms lee aggro
Haha. U're unlucky. During my session, both of us were early.
Okay!
2. Why?
how are you
I shwd her dat same code u send me on dat itself
s a rich man woes by an investor from erc.Gd article pass it on.
hmm can meet at north point at 2pm tmr? it is at yishun.
Alright lol
What time is ur flight tmr?
Level 6.
get up?
The thing keep postponing. We ended up watching movie. Did a lot ppl quit?
Hey Divya, can you meet Ramees at yih and help collect my router from him?
Hi. How are you?
Haha why suddenly u dont wan liao? I now feel like signing up, scare stay at home whole all day  grow fat. Dont think they got 1 mth. Then u still wan go down?
OHUYVQDP <#>  LOTUS
Yep.
Oh oh. Thanks!
s been a long time since we last went out rite :)
Yeah. Haha my friend la. Yesterday then tell me.
Canten
Omw
Bhai kya kr rha hai?
Whats up ? where you brother ?
c u later
K nag ni kalisanu epudu velthunu kkd
I gave seeteng see the prezi, she said see liao very giddy. Yaofengsaid too many animations make the presentation cheeky and he preferspts to come out one by one. I think tmr u prepare speech more impt.Haha.
Got offer letter?
Hey where r ü im here liao
assignment laya ha??
He kena infected lol!
Hello andy, how u? When is the xm? We r hvn carols today...
U called me?
Wah, I need to check old class list, wait a while.
Outside your house. Coffee shop.
Yeahhh maybe... you have tut right?
Ok i call n ask. I tot u check until too bored fall asleep liao... Hee...
V r not taking the intecity. Waiting 4 normal bus
Ask Daddy fetch me at 330...
Haha.. Go learn la, will be so interesting.. :)
Anna pls reload my no da ...If u can..bye.Gbu *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
U all r getting lazy... But no need to go very early wat... Juz reach ard 12 can oredi wat...
HARLO
Kope*
Ha raste me hai. Jam k hisab se  <#>  bje tk pahuch payenge ya usse pehle.
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Hahah :)
okie lah... mine treat... but u pay hahah
Ok not at home now later I go.home see
Byebye twitter for a week
Hi everyone hows ur day ?
Happy birthday jiashan! =D
Are u free today?
Test tomorrow. Yes it only eats the worms not the pellets..
eh, now doing some homework. u?
<#>  5
will bear that in mind
Thks
WAIT IF YOU'RE NOT NICE THEN WHAT ARE YOU? ryan?
Ok. Good nite. May God bles u
Hahas is qx ur berton? BTW bran semi final timing was  <#> s too rite?
Fine, thank ü... how r u?
That's cool, I'll come by like  <#> ish
Haha! True la.. Lol..
Okay
kk, thanks!
1) B <#> . 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) wkday nights,prefer wkkends, or otherwise arrange when school timetable isconfirmed.
Haha o.o okay! Hahaha yups (: haha with alot of other pretty girls!Yeah at bugis now!
Hi hi sms me when you come!
Ok i'll have dinner before going
Haha no no I meant after chinese! What haha no >< you're more zaihello! Hahaha that'll be a long time later!
Im not .. hehe ..
Ok done
Orh u change settings to rainy day
Hehe tu to 3 ko jana wala tha na
Yo you meeting me?
:o ok I didn't know that
My battery is low babe
Lol ya easy ah.but I always late or skip her lect.lol.
I shouldnt talk with ma schol frnds ah
Google says  <TIME> , but earlier if I walk fast
miss, when r u free? we meet for lunch n return u the ten dollars
waitn 4 ur reply
Where ahouks we meet?
you on your way already?
Ü got wat to buy tell us then ü no need to come in again.
t see you But i know you read my msg with a smile!
haha.. thanks! but exams nt here yet. abt 2 weeks time then first paper.:p.
Hi friends we meet tmr morn k? Izzati not free!
Haha oops yeah walk walk! Ahh omg I didn't see all these msgs when Ichecked my phone just now! I'm on the way back le, now at jurong eastmrt! Not raining le^^ nope haha going home to have dinner! Dunno if mygrandma cooking for me though haha x.x hahaha you really super cutesia, forget phone! Yoku means very, donna is what kind/which (:
hey do u think i should dye or highlight my hair?
Buzy
Hey can send me ur full name email and year u born in? Thks
Hello
Lol... So i shld not disturb u frm ür work... Study hard =5
Med chem
I'm already at science centre because my run is early
I has the electronics + coolant and the trolley. And  RED.
nai unlock se koi masla nai hota
i am in the lab
MC  <DECIMAL>   <#>   <#>  S <#> C
Oh... Lk tt ah... Tt means nvr recieve mail den nvr get in la...
Yes. Call you after i check in. Ok? Enjoying your dinner? What are you having?
Hey hey hey, later I going sheng shiong, got anything need me help buy??
Juz buy one lar... Dunno gd a not... Next time we go then stay dat apt lor... U take down e tel or address... Mmg cheap a not?
School.. ur friends's party end le ah?
ll take care of my self. im havin lunch now. u reach home liao? take lunch yet?
TEN Stages Of Life. 1.Studies 2.Games 3.Entertnment 4.Friendship 5.LOVE 6. 7. 8. 9.  <#> . Nokkenda, LOVE Start Cheythal Pinne Ellam Theernnu.
Lol then don't say I spoil ur morn ma. Very harsh leh. I aiso gotfeelings de pls.
P
Eh... So tmr still meetin?
Hahaha I see... what paper is it?
Ps was sleeping
I think can wait more lah. Paitence is a f****** virtue
Hey simon, what's your email address in UOL ar? I've a sch proj whichmay need u to pull string leh. I send the details to u then u help mesee see lah. Then see whether need to tell your bosses anot. Haha.Thanks.
s our mango pudding?
s da apartment?
Aaj chalega kya?
aunty, weihao's phone no batt. he coming home frm cck alr.:)
nope you didn't!! Okay!!
Hp running flat meet at Ikea restaurant. May be late, because oldinspection center closed down. Now at jurong.
I nvr go in the end cause I got something on =(
Yeah
Np (:
where are you going?
i got 17. you?
Good night and sweet dreams to you darling, I love you
Haha. The exhibition officer job is a one off thingy. That time ask uto work, don't want. Anyway, sch reopening in apr right? Nolah notyet. May then gradute. Haha.
Jadaka phalam anubhavichariyam.cheerilla ennu paranju.ennalum onnu kuudi evideelum nookkikku at your place.
No...Who told u tat? Im attached wat...
Get something done.. he isn't very happy :-)
May need to do project. Tell u soon?
Haha of cuz.. So sad that I hate math now.. Awwww.. Haha..
How u noe
So u Mon going back?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Haha how are you stuck in the rain! Aren't you taking bus! I'll takebus to wcp then walk back!
Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
Dar meet u in fourm
Hihi people! Lessons start today 4 pm at meeting room 4 next to hodroom! (: see you!
HAHA NO ACCESS TO 9 GAG. you can do the vpn thing here too I think!Cool my class is full of people x.x
That's right.
I told Candice earlier le, briefing has been changed to next next week, cuz next week no yam..
Plz bring a empty CD when ur coming..
m not working..
S
Yeah I know,mood swings. Never PMS ah,whoa lucky. When I graduate.. What's the difference with telling me now! Eh that emophase I got ignore just you meh. Guess he's still awkward when with you. Want to come but Stacy's coming too,would that be fine? Otherwise If I got nothing on,then I am going home.
How's your O level results? Haha.
Den how? Where got time buy? GG
shalwar/pant utaro
when will u be free next tue or wed? we can meet up to show u a draftof the site to see if it's ok with u
Yes how excellent!
Gt d pens andrew.cl u sn.g.b
Ohh use the January one lor!
Sure.. thanks!
I feel so lame! yeah we eating the chicken rice! Hahaha wool you come later?
Hahaha. Orh. Btw, u got take Med regularly hor?
<#>  bje papr khtm ho ga. Thnx for da 2 ques by da waY
SGC Services Private Limited Genpact Retrials Team C- <#> , Sector-8,Noida -  <#>   <#>  (UP) Toll Free Number:  <#>  Ph.:  <#>   <#> / <#>This is for PF related.
Tq
Waa seems like an ideal lifestyle . I jus hope my parents allow me tocommit got friends to train with nxt yr! Hmm u go army liao still musjio us out ar
Dun worry I walk over the bus stop that time not raining! Yup gottake at interchange le
Man vs wild now!
Hi. I'm outside Sr1. Near the undergradoffice
Daddy pickin me up later wat... Tmr lor...
I'll give u a hand alright =D
Yeah lor. Then you cannot consider yourself totally rational ma.Sometimes the most rational is the most irrational. Just like yourblog title lol.
Who is this?
So .. How are yo mam ?
Alone har?
s 26 now...
Ya even i didnt get any code frm ma frnds.
Art was probably a- to b+. Chem was quite easy
You too!!!
Woot! Ok I go check how is urs?
I go to swimming now. what are you doing? you still pain-pain.
lloydie when is the burial of your papa? let me see if i can attend, need to check first my work schedule. ok? condolence :))
I'm coming
Just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! Got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!
ve tried to send u email several times, but always got rejected.
No problem! Close friends call me hammy. Haha, just call me whatever you like. Good day! :)
Then anyone else drunk??
Outside, cant see u,wat colour u wearing?
hi could we have the tuition on friday as usual? Mean no tuition this wed.
Yah i noe..@ least nt as bad as mi.Haiz 2 zeros oredi..We haf to find jokes abt evolutn in e next assignmt.Juz enjoy ya birdäy!Hee..Im on my way back.Yawnz
Is he going?
Hahaha it's right there on his fb!!!
Ok ps ~~ btw hilda tay is coming at  <#> !
Yeah was planning to leave around that time then my mom asked me tosleep longer.. Read them last night.
Wah very far. Can I have the address?
I rushing there to slp 1st lols!
Dear dear. Test brought forward to 1pm.. OK hor?
Hey...jason due to changing his specialization...he need to retakehis tech elec so he changed his mind about staying in comm cos gotincrease workload...meaning he no longer want to hold anyposition...so i tink u need to check the SOP file tat u have to see ifthere is any min number of members needed in a comm for the club toexist...lolz..
i'll inform them!
Eh pass what to you?
No. Settly yr own lunch. Still in AMK. After this going to Kelvin office. u go print out our E-tickets from my e-mail
Yeah, I heard he was sick
How come u so late.I at orchard,
Cool.. cya
Waa lame she proposed break up one le. Whyshe wan break in first place
HAHA SAY HI! TRAILER OF THE CHANGE UP!
Hi sorry I will be late for max  <#>  mins coz the bus came late. -Cheryl Yeow RA <#>
I jus laugh alr. Tot Joel they all playing nia
Yea ps
I told that am coming on wednesday.
On taxi le yeiyei.
0k bhai
Call
Yups): hopefully it's short bah! If not I'll leave early (:
Hi. It was quite good. Found out that the deadline for submission isnext Thursday not tmr
Kk cya
kohzhenchang@hotmail.com
Ok thursday is fine. Is  <#>  okay?
yes
K online
Anytime. Or u all going to leave den i pick u all? Town like nothing to eat at this time hor.
Wat the! Rihanna sux. Eh search who for muay Thai
oh oh and the starting screen the start game and highs score ah the font can change to the escape earth font also? thanks
Thks! It's over though
Bus! Kiss
mujhe lagta ha ke itna sara nai karwaya sir ne....usman ne kaha ha ke itna ha
Sorry for late reply! Yep it's working fine! Thanks!
XP
Yup just go first i'll catch up
Okay thanks.
4 ppl only. He already asking me to do stuff le!
Lol the i3 super far sia.but along the way got signs.hahaha.
Haha go buy the cheese pasta eh. It's awesome.
Anyone there yet?
Yah... But its really tough trying to learn it by myself wif books onli. But i wan a head start for next yr... So, whens yr overseas trip?
Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  <#> k. Pls holla back
Mo
SORRY I DIDN'T SEE YOUR MSGS, COMING DOWN NOW!
Thanks! (:
S LIKE YOUR HAVIN GR8 FUN J! KEEP UP DAT COUNTIN LOTS OF LOVE ME.
Hmmmm but I can't be home early enuff to dl.LOL.
Hmmmmmm but not as nice as teh tarik one leh lol.... so got enuff kafor mj or not
Okayy.. thx.:-)
ll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
Haha I still at first book eh. Taking quite a long time to formimages in my mind.
Are you on the way?
Multiple kisses for my Chou Chou baobei laogong!! Get home safely ok!:-D you are so wonderful today!! :-*
assalam aliekum
how is evry1.. come online for chat
K sure andrew.i jst wantd 2 knw whethr ruwan sir cm 2day.c u macho.g.b.
Shabaa! Ippadiyae bit-a poda vaendiyadhu! Kondu varaen!
no,, no probs
S:)
Lol never go out meh.
dinesh.sinha <#> @gmail..comdinesh@ <#>
Lols no nid la. Thks!
Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
Eh only can use a3 size le...
s super hot, won 1700. haha. but its common la in here. b4 i come back, will let u know again
Merry Christmas! ^_^
Okay then should I pick you up?
dear, rem to do module verification exercise. the link is availablein calendar, either mon or tue event.
s still there a not...
Oh shit... Accidentally reject. Lol!
Andrew god didnt hlp me.my raththaran malli pasd away.nw no lif 2 me.tl brothr christo n roshal
Haha I knowww you creeepo. Im going in to order food first XD
Why cny? This friday la hahaha
In exam student has 2 write a topic on Mother- A smart child wrote "COMBINATION OF MILLIONS WORDS FROM  <#>  ALPHABETS CAN'T EVEN EXPRESS MY LOVING MOTHER"
Hi there,wanna chat?
Hehe... No la its ok...They very troublesome one if bring them out muahaha...
Oh okayy. Reaching in  <#>  mins
Oh sigh I probably won't get a chance then haha:/ vivian says if shegets, I have to help her tell them she agrees to go coz she'll be inJapan then haha!
s y u haf 2 keep me busy...
Dont have features leh
Just come toilet pass me?
Hey when can go ur hse swim and play ping pong agn
So you will be at ARP for an hour only?
Ah well true i'll try later
ya . so better dun  eat too much snalke
Joel and I can go on the 2nd day wad. Or u all weds doing wad
Reaching soon le dear. :-)
K
Sent u e mail already.
Pls also bring jacket
I never do.
Hey, TG said he's email the clearance thingy by today. So pls help tocfm asap. Thanks.
What to put for second choice lol just in case
Oh u didnt lyk wat i told abt dat ict ah
Darling laopo, i love u! No matter what, laogong is alway? here foru. Kiss left kiss right one tight baobao
Yeah I am. I pass you da money tonight.
You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
Yo what you up to?
Mr lee, I am feeling unwell due to fever and flu, so I am not able togo for lesson. Sry for any inconvenience caused
Leaving nw..
Where u? Wat time going back
Until when?
Definitely not me
ok thats sweet
Oh? Haha try again next week eh.
Lols take pic
Wot shud i bliv.?
Lol tmr no schhhh.Wed first day.muahaha.
Can go meh? Underage siaz
Jus now lols. Wat time u eating breakfast 2moro? Can help me openturnstile at 7?
Yes!
CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZ I CULDNT TALK BUT I WANNA TELL U DETAILS LATER WEN WECAN CHAT PROPERLY
Not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u..
Ok then...Did U go check out e book?
Lucky I got someone to consult!
hey, wat time do u wanna meet for dinner?
Aarti KumariRoll -  <#> .JVSD GIRL'S SENIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL, D-II, LINK ROAD (OPPOSITE OF SHRIHANUMAN STATUE), NEAR JHANDEWALAN METRO STATION KAROL BAGH. NEW DELHI-  <#> .
Haha woah. Daniel got no supporters eh.
We joining new boat today. All newbies
Ok:-) have a great day!!
Yeap
K. K
Did we need anything from sim lim tower? I'm going down after lunch
s back k?thanx.N reply asap
So eat out? ^^
hi, <name> here. so we partner up?
Can. Hmm you mail it to me eh.
Yep! (ps sorry for the delay, we went to fairway and i didn't bring my phone). Keep me updated on school. Glad you're doing well :)
Sorry ah. On bus c. arrive la. you in canteen?
Ya im at home already.
Yo you around?
Homework =o my signal is awful also sorry love
Haha icic my grandma also won't say no de la! Haha no she's justbiased haha! Really haha! Ehh very far away lazy!:P
RIN me 25 male chi.wat r u workin s?
Hi Jac. Happy Chinese New Year. 1st Feb what time? I got something on in the afternoon, so gotta see if the time clashes or not.
chou chou! u still want to eat?
Lol I took a2 since it came first lol
I also bought a shirt what.
Okay thanks
Clementi so far... I lazy go leh...
s u at first...
yup.. at  <#>  rite?
Handwash lete ana.
Aftr  <#>  mins
Haha yeah no problem.
Hey, rmb tml go bukit timah and pass me the dvds hor. Haha.
Nope!!!!!!
Cheng ting... Mummy suay bian...
Aww sweet! Wish I could've gone with you guys!
No... Today is lect 21... Juz tt i dun feel lk goin to sch tmr, so wana go today...At 4...
Haha another person? Wow I admire you sia I can't teach for nuts!
Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
Birthday girl... Now having ur dinner?
Ivle group
I vl tel u..
t worry abt me. I know how to take care of myself. u have to take good care. How is ur study? Busy and tired? Rest well
<DECIMAL> ..
Hi, how r u?
Neh. Just lonely.
Help me call dad and tell him that tonight I'll be eating dinner withhim at amk and to pay for my phone bill first. I can't make any callnow. - Roy
Haha yeah okay! I will hehe! Haha ><! LOL you mcp-ing again hahaha!Err haha yeah can say something liddat ah. Like they welcome mygrandma stay a few weeks lah but probably won't want her to move overpermanently. They got alot of politics one lah, remind me tmr I cantell you one of their cheapo stories haha!
Yeah evelyn and cally said eat 田鸡粥.
Memu ayite kadu
Yeah xD
Check mi fb
kar diya
Haha. So ma fan if go home leh. We go walk walk lah. Accompany me goask prices for txtbks leh.
Yo yo you at chalet already?
Okie .. I thinking ..
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
Iiiii'm sleeping lol.. we were in Moffit until like 4 or 5
m wif him now buying tix lar...
8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
Early mah, take temp mah.
U do wot evr u wnt. I jst dnt care.
Okay I give u now.
Where are you all?? (:
Ja be gandu
LOL SO SUAY. I DUNNO WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT AT THE END HAHA IFELL ASLEEP OOPS
K are u online?
Btw, SLUgS eventually? When should we plan to plan?
Of course think of  u! Esp when  i bao bao m y pillow hee
Wil u b able 2 come with baba or have i 2 come?
Happy birthday!! :D
Sorry i missed your call. Can you please call back.
Opposite school?
Ok got it. To get to my place you gotta take lift near letterboxes tolevel 7, walk corridor then to level 6.
K de sure ill. Ok
Hey.. You should try the Sambal chicken fried rice.. Very tasty.. :)
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
It's okay. Nvm. Haha.
You slept or angry
Hey subi, teck guan n i are only available on fri morning leh.
U all solve already the bug? If not send in the email I see see
LOL WHAT,NARBS????????? HAHAHA DILLON SO FUNNY HAHAHA
Thanks!
Still at home but leaving soon be there in  <#>  to  <#>  lol you estimate lah
Haha okay (: when do you want! Tmr I have db, but the details aretotally not confirmed, damn sian! Haha still slacking!
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
U just now also use S.SUNDAY 2 tempt me? OK la. Che ping ok. So hot out here, headache! sian?2molo PE? die liao?
i think he is working today
Yo we're headed to Moffit in like  <#>  min from telegraph
Yes physics pls! I can't do chem or bio lol :/
<#> .
Hey vincent I need the first aid kit from the clubhouse. Possible toget it now?
Haha why not! I won't know! Hahaha what hahaha your sample isprobably biased!! Oh no too much stats hahaha x.X haha okay okay I letyou think that way okay?:P haha okay! O.o haha yay!
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
Just kidding
Aight, text me tonight and we'll see what's up
Ohk bro.. Wht d risk if we caugt by eby later afta getng tht pr0duct.. N bro agr ordr cancl h0ta he to?.. Btw mje ip0d lena tha shufle jo  <#> $ ka he incldng shpng.. So agr me apke thrgh leta hu to h0w much?
No no, thank you so much! This is so helpful, you're the best :D
I thot of only ask u n jun come...Den can eat dinner here u c. Wan? U discuss w her la...
Sumi....do u know when our 7th sem results will be out ?
arrived
Ok see u.
Ok. Btw me eve leo are together! Haha
For example? Please do inform a few days in advance, this is not thefirst time.
Hahhaha oh ya eh. Lol but I still dont know her. Later go stalk on fb.
How much you got for cleaning
Excited! 9 pm man vs wild
nt reply to you earlier
I use my mini rotary saw :D v quick and easy
I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
Lols no prob! Awesome rite now got imaginary Chiobu le
Actually, I wont be free for all the weekdays next week. So it isgoing to be a cancellation.
I'm done!
Are you sleeping
Haha I go first okay? Sorry!!
I can't la got attendance
Fk la I no luck, I reached Jurong point macs ppl still have nuggets,reached my queue just nice no more. Not fated sia, same as in nus.
Ugh MEN!
You'll make a Chomskyan yet! Lol... you've read Aspects ch 1, now youshould punch Dan Everett tomorrow
Yeah reaching clementi already.
Hurry up
Yeah haha.. they look nice but have that feeling to them
Hey Prashanth, r u free today?
She say no..
Dnt u need ur drss ?
AT  <#> . LOL. I HEARD ITS NICE?
Ailing, wad u doing today? Wanna go out?
Mmmmmm ... I love you,so much, Ahmad ... I can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year, my love!!
Great! Daddy can't wait to get better and meet you!
Hey can fetch u! But early le. Like  <#> pm Lik tt. Ok?
LOL WHAT HAHAHA WHAT THE HAHAHA NO I ACTUALLY HIRED A GUY TO STALK YOU
Ya tell me:)
Bhai Aj meeting cancel ho gaya hai. Nahi ana mere ghar pe.
I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
Wow.did u seen him
Where are you?
I'm going back soon..
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
You send the number
*lots
<DECIMAL>  at go. U coming hostel 1st?
Ok
T.T T.T T.T ohh have you applied for ssef????
I mean I could take you all there to eat!
I ........... You.鈥┾??㏒end this to ur friend's and see how many love's, like's, miss's, hate's, want's, need's, kick's, kill's.. Reply awaited..
Hi let's go!
Happy new year to you too!
OK sure we ll test on actual site
Ok cya at the booth or camp then. Thanx.
Hey if possible, can reach earlier? Cause lyn reached le. Haha
Hey sorry something came up, I'll explain later but I still wannacome see you guys =)
Meh I'll be late
Wolverhampton wanderers vs chelsea Molineux
Haha ooo sleep sleep (: tmr got db must have enough energy! Haha butI really cmi, I can't even do c major._.
had your lunch?
Get one more. Thanks dear...
Eh depends on I have tuition or not..
I will call you
K..pandy get job ah?
But it happened to Joanna today. She traded <#> k for pb bunny that ended up being pants. I warned her tho. She said she was gonna buy an <#> to resell later for profit. I told her all about it and to not to buy anything big for a while. She just said nah they will fix it by the time she saves up.
Hey reply ASAP when u see thus. Yh sj and I going to dragon boat tojoin their training 2moro. Can u make it?
Ok
at joo koon line thr..
Kk then 6pm at my house! Haha. See ya.
Hum mile- It was chance Hum fir mile- It ws luck Hum dost bne-It was destiny Hum aaj b dost hai.Its our dicision Hum dost rhege its my promise.Happy Promise Day
Hey later bout 5 wanna swim?
Okay! Haha.
I tot u were fine yest?
Who is this
Haha yeah true that! Haha okay^^ omg haha it's ss and rr! Ryan superawesome ah!(:
Pleas give me..
Wth? I tot we going early to do? Tues due le nabei
Okay
Hee ok!! Love u laopo
didi i am extremely sorry .i wont be able to go. my program has been postponed till tomorrow
Watching tv.
Just no excitement in these voices.
Eh need mah lol. You all decide then let me know eh.
Ydid she get a song to gerself?
Lets keep in touch! My msn and facebook email is <EMAIL>. Do add me =)
What does she like right now?
s ok.. Happy studying..
Yup... But i was quite shocked after the bleach... Haha. You going shopping ah? Ya i got the email...
Bathed?
Same. Let the hunt being
Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind ü...
What next tues? Hey hey the food sci dateline brought forward to 24th
Wait where are you guys now?
Nope but lynette has.
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N;ENCODING=QUOTED-PRINTABLE:;Rakhesh_kr= <#> yahoo.com TEL;CELL: <#>  X-CLASS:private END:VCARD
tom what time?
Ya sure?
Same ba. Today follow hl study. Hee
I tink I tis week not drinking le. But u can drink with YX they all la
Oh, good. Gonna go get dinner?
Hmm.. Icic. I've a made up tut before that lah. Yes, i'm aware ofthat thru their website. Thanks anyway. Haha.
Hee. You make me smile sillyly. Love you so much hubby. Talk to utmr. Faster come join me in dreamland! !
Thanks!
When coming back?
Haha why so Emo
hee. yeiyei i go pong pong. ur yei yei loves u deep deep! muacks.today so fun to tease u. hee. lub u! di di didi di...
westcoast
Hokay ^^ just let me know if you're free Friday or Saturday or something ^^
I at my ahma hse le. Not going anywhere
nahiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii..kin kamo main par gaya ha...sher ki hawa lag gai ha
I'm in office now . I will call you  <#>  min:)
Wat time u done w ur sis?
Thanks! I get back to you later.
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Ja ke keh do unse Dosto wo meri taqdir se jalna chhor de Are. Hum to wo badnaseeb h agar Lote ki dukan khole to... Log tatty karna chor de
chou baobei! so fast log off. u also rem to rest! hee. pring. n kisses
Ur dog ar so naughty... Shit on da floor... Then make until all his body got shit... Then gotta bathe him n change da whole mat...
gudmrng boss.. wishing you all the best for your new start.. hav a nice journey.. take care..
Pc cluster hard to discuss...i dun noe got space or not...can gotry...i outside dl liao...
Dinner?
Hmm that depends on whether I need to see the screen or not lol
so when do you wan the christmas dinner?? wadever it is, i dun wanna see that fella there ok?
Ok my sis wan to dye... So she muz cut... then i go book... U any day oso can rite? But u not scared they anyhow cut?
Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. & asks u to type # <#>  or # <#> . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
Not done! Just started! Had no inspiration man... ya it's tough sigh. Jia you!
hackaday.com
ll b bookin tmr morn, u 2 and 4pm oso can rite...
oh I'm not this sat.. anyway lvl 9 mdm fong has moved to a home at thompson
Haha what do you mean? I told you i'm awkward in front of ppl le!
Kk cya at 2 then
Shweet! I'm going to the gym :)
Eh... Got a few friends go together then ok le right?
gt 2 ppl?
Do it! Be a lazy bum like me
I'm here
Can I'll pay you ok!
Are you meeting us at midsion or here?
Ya lo, for you to wear on new year mah.
Hmmm.... Mostly clothes n accessories lor... Haha, wat else can gals buy...
See first.
Ok. How bout e birthday boy? :-D
TIP,WHAT R U DOING
=)
Canteen ki velutuna
Haha! Then if you come central library you won't be able to find me!Btw, need to wear sch u and ask the lady to let you in!
Heheh.. cannot. Dear at which side?
U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
Hey, how are you?
Yeap
am there too
Haha about  <DECIMAL>  at my house eh.
Mrs Ho, Regina wants you to call her at  <#>  regarding about anemail discussion.
Yup cool. Saw the email :-)
Hey odacker!pass down the msg!on  <#> th may, meet at GO at<DECIMAL>  and bus will bring us to rock climbing place!there willalso ne transportation back to sch at  <DECIMAL> :):)
V^^ haha have a safe trip home! Sorry I was helping my bro so latereply:P tmr return me!(:
So glad i'm not there. he is just annoying. Usher?? Really?
So pal.. How is your side? Hopefully it is positive reply dude. Or you sleeping already?
Yeah definitely!
Ehh sorry can I go toilet first? Got stomach pain x.x
I think I drank 7 cups.
Happy chinese new year!
What food?
Hai
Ohhh. Chey. Then go back home lah.
hi
s meeting?
Cool cool, we're in the ling department
Hols?...the 3 month hols ar?...
Mo
Come online talk please. Message damn slow
Haha you were looking in my direction! I'm at the round table therehaha! Jiayou for complex numbers!! Jiayou jiayou!
James Ross born April  <#> ,  <#>  according to 'his' website. Also,he liked supernovas
I go slp le my baobei
Omg... can I say I dun want? Hmm.. I Fri go see who else taking the mod..
Suuuuuure
Reached lau pa sat. Heading back home by bus orz
Can you come to lt34 to support save?
Yea. I learning how play
Vivian haha! My friends all pass chinese long ago! Chem O! Hahahawhat the you talking to him!?! Haha how did you come in today! Pokepoke sleepy head! sleep abit bah!
Harini
Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
Yu quan sent me: Eh boss. Samc how? Ideas leh. Go think of theinitial steps leh. Mr soh never reply meh.
Waste fellow
Anyway I did ask a few. But all not free.
s angel
Okay sure u update me later.
I think the people upstairs just moved in
Byebye place. Muuacks
We have to do at least 50 pages..
Uncharted 3? =DAnd perhaps... have any good multiplayer games?
m ok just wanted 2 chat coz avent spoken 2 u 4 a long time-hope ur doin alrite.have good nit at js love ya am.
Haha... Hmmm, meet u at giordano?
Precisely, i must pressure u by making myself slimmer, so u will be more cautious... Anyway i scare later cook too much den i cannot finish...
loyong Vila 8 town houses. I charged painting $4000 each 32k.4 myanmar workers contract $600 per unit. do not let the commitee to know.
Oh no... That means you arent coming for stats? Then you cant help me print... Coz i need it right after that... Okay. All the best for your test! Dont worry
yea i know
Haha  <DECIMAL> pm.
Ok .
K...thanx
Haha didn't get my sms ah? I just received this o.o sian my phonereally problematic! Haha anytime is fine! But I think I wanna sleepearlier tonight >< haha coming online!
ken is also joing our grp. wat is ur icq num?
Thats fine  dans working 2morrow so not sure if we will make it in time
Nvm la let it run for a week or so? No rush, ddr2 ram can only get more ex.
s say you get the first prize?
My dear, i m going to sleep now... May u have a good rest too...
Yesyestes I watching now heee
Yup... Pink says fujitsu coming next week leh.
Hee. Muacks. Love u dear!
Abhi thik hai?
Yo free tonight?
Good morning, im suffering from fever and dysentry ..will not be able to come to office today.
uol ajao sarkar
Quite lor. But dun tell him wait he get complacent...
Haha, really, wow.. Which rd?? Where u working??
I'm going to bee early!
Heeheehee:D is your bro still having exams??
I noticed. Better than this years. The contest design was so nice but yo ruined it :/
Hahaha! okay okay let you hug! But I can't not think of that! hahasorry late reply! I was looking at my mum's report book:P haha vivianfell asleep on my bed with my blanket haha! yup just reached home! Whycan't!? Restart??
K
When coming back
Lol a big bunch of french boarded the bus as I passed by the frenchsch... I feel like I'm in little France
I so miss u laopo!!! Heee. Si happy we so connected. Ding ding
Call me
at bugis from 1130 to 5pm. Or if we are going for NB instead of yogasana on sat we can go do the free ABT KB and pilates instead... At cine from 1030 to 2
channel 8..
Olol dont remember.
Nopeeee sadded
I AM HERE ALREADY
Anytime tml. Haha.
Itz okie reach liao tell mi we may b at cold storage...
tt guy who is slightly taller than me tt time ü saw me..
we should go to cicis pizza
Whyyyyy
Hi dom n fon.care 2 intro?
Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
Sorry, I'll call later
So u stayin in e hostel?
You've always been the brainy one.
Yeap! LOL WAS THAT A PUN
s ard 53 vs 39. I know they touched   50 mark
I'm wearing shorts! That I can wear since long ago! LOL. I'm at doveralready! Gonna be so early!
Not a peep
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Hey qiuxuan I need your emergency contact person and contact number.
Hey... Tmr we go your house play mahjong can?
Ya it's working fine but always good to check. U wanna deal now?
I going over now.
Dunno how come cannot go online leh, tt fuji...
Tis week ran so mch lols. Excited to reach my peak soon
Ha enjoy ypurselfs
U hav cute smile..:-)
I haven't got a chance to look at your codes becoz i'm currentlydoing filming for my proj. Sorry. I'll take a look later.
Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
Waa so bad ar. I got fucking art homework to clear. Need submit bythurs if not no grade. Den dun Rly have time la. But more or less shldknow ba
Were u still going to move moms furniture today?
Its ok, if anybody asks abt me, u tel them..:-P
dbs savings/savings plus
R <#>  being with baobei yei yei.
Was at tiongbahruplaza. On the way back to school now.
Haha hopefully not! will make good friends in the group one:D
I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and I wanted to talk to you about some legal advice to do with when Gary and I split but in person. I'll make a trip to Ptbo for that. I hope everything is good with you babe and I love ya :)
Oh... Kay... On sat right?
Hi everybody!How r u guys and girls doin?
There are only two uncommon reasons for us tobe on earth..HeLLL cant bear us....Heaven cant afford us..So Just rock...
With your eyes and brain? Make sure the brain process the words first.
Amway order  <#>
Haha its totally ok le! ah ohh no then how>< haha nope at home!
I changed it quite long ago. Guess u didn't update your contact list.Haha. Nolah where got money buy iphone.
Got la... Bought 1 mambo shirt 4 u... But same design as mine, only diff colour... U wan any shorts or wat...
I have told zx. can u ask jh pls?
Had lunch already i did not have breakfast today
Ohh ahh nvm! My cluster outing hahaha we were looking for replacements hahaha
Happy birthday dear. May you be more mature as time passes. May you enjoy abundant joy and happiness. -)
Any bubble tea for you?
I wanted to ask if you know how to print 4 pages on one sheet of paper
Just chillin, you?
Oo.. ok..
Ai yo. I love lo e u!! Hee rem to cover ur feet. Muacksssp
A Girl Asks Her Mom:I Want Some Fresh Air,鈥〤an I Go For a Walk?鈥┾??﹎om: Alright,But Ask your Fresh Air to Drop you Home By  <#>  P.M
Lorenzo still has a fever ??? :(((
Haha alright. Next week you free?
No more mpe lei bblp
Babu sir,are you there?unable to get connected over mobile.it says its a wrong number
Haha it's alright!
Wipro is going to conduct off campus for  <#>  &  <#>  pass outs @Chennai on  <#> , <#>  jan  <#> . Eligibility criteria is  <#> % in BE/B.Tech/MCA  <#> % in  <#>  &  <#>  Venue: Aarupadai Veedu Institute of technology, vinayaka nagar, o.m.r road, paiyanoor, kancheepuram dt,chennai  <#>  Time: 8 Am on both days
GTF OUT HERE
Hmm okay I think I can join you all.
LOL. sure sure no worries! We can go another day!
<#>  at plaza sing! Hahaha just zao when she's ard or sth! Haha Iwon't get suffocated ah, it's not like I want other guys to put theirarms ard me LOL. Haha I'm happy!(: haha ooo okay then I'm not gonnaconsider at all!! XD haha is it?? come come show example!!
No stuffing yet. Only stuff.
What movie?
I didnt say lyk dat i am just sayin dat u also askd ur frnds if i cant.
Lala tesuto
Missing you too.pray inshah allah
s comfort delgro liao... Ya, quite near my hse... So u still workin at maxwell hse huh..
Hey, tix details as follow. U do some research where's roughly eplace. I quite tied up leh. Tml going to sch first. Pit grandstand.Zone 1, 2, 3, 4. Preferred gate 1, 2. Access all gates. Block A7 row<#>  seat  <#> ,  <#> . Haha.
Hapy diwali panu
Hmm I try to get classrooms for you.
Yea i gif u the gear.. when need?
Mobilepay
Mm i had my food da from out
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Lol we will sms u when we meeting then video call u... u just prepareur part to present jasmine will send the slide by today
Yes, he is based on my floor. I will met with him next week on other matters.
No shit, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him fuck me
m almost reaching...
Litti wala has not come. So i m going to OC. I called u several times but u didnt respond. So dont mess up later. if u receive this msg recently, come to oc.
We reaching soon actually
ve to go fix it tonite... But tmr like dun haf 650 rite...
Hey I invited Shweta also.. no problem right? will reach in  <#>  mins
bblg looking at ur clothes again?
Sry andrew. Accidently pressed. Tc *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
(Y) n1
Sirf milk lete ana.
ok... i having another grp meeting now. will work on it later tonight.
if u dun mind u kan msg me at 98754123 ok gal
Bulky gonna. Can fetch?
3 ?out of those 4 done. Shall work on the Irani cafe situation soon.
Sorry may I ask what's the place and budget?
Production Plan - tortillas, pizza base, bread, bun, Cream rolls
At the bedok reservior carpark.
Kkz, thanks. Ya, I keep asking her for her number and it keeps disappearing from my contacts! Lol..
Hahaha pig hahaha crap why can't you see my replies!!
Ok
m outside now... Looking at cars...
Okay. Can.
I think i need to be in school during that time...
Yeah, I definitely understand.. if we get past our pathetic failingswe should go out if our way to describe to tell students gotta bad wewere
I didnt say u to nt to talk
We juz finish buyin our grocery... Goin to cook dinner tonite la...
Okay if I go time. If not u help me ask?
Haha wahh okay okay where are you now? Call me when you are reaching eh.
Ok roger
When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
Bring it on. Let the fight begin
Oh okie. Ya sent you a chinese new year poem =) you too enjoy your chinese new year....
Hahaha psps!!!! I dunno why I rmb someone said you're from China!! Are you??
You took off your leg?
t mind
Yeah haha x.x just die! I just hope I survive math x.x physics shouldbe alright x.x
im working today,call me later.
Oh... I don't know, but probably not east, most of those lgs are dead
Wads the diff between advance and promote
Tnx. Ill be there  <#>  pas  <#>  :-)
Thks!
Hahaha yeah I read that on facebook. Lol I knew he was definitelywith you when he did that haha.
Yea I will b kayaking rite?
Haha no lah I wasn't just that I pack my stuff le so!
then u  ?
wanna meet now in xroom?
You mean split into 2 groups?
Come down
Sry I m busy
Haha okay! I think I'll still end up staying up! Haha what >< I justwoke up!! What's so incredible!!
Probably not, I'm almost out of gas and I get some cash tomorrow
No leh we at aljunied eat vegetarian
Lol yeah and I was interrogated by policemen.
s a VERY VERY long wait...Haha btw wat com u got? Did u get fujitsu?
Mily cyrs + selena gomz= ana luceee'a
Yeah. :D
How to convert cyclopentanol to petanoic acid
who are you?
No dont think so. Coming in late today. Let see how.
cn i brrw ur motorcycl?
The makeup class is when? I cant attend any class on mon n tues.
I got season 1 of it liao. Heard it's nice.
Havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
Where are you now?
Actually, jeremiah asked us to work from 9am to  <#> pm on sat and<DECIMAL> am to 5pm on sun. But i'm fine with the time u stated alsosince there's only a  <#>  min difference.
Cake buy already. Disclaimer: most likely cake will topple over cosbox quite big.
Yup!
#NAME?
I haven't bought yo in so long they keep offering me a <#> % discount every time I log on.
.... I see.... Wow good can go out enjoy .... Me work sad.....
Btw... do you have popular card?
Hahaha!!! what a pig, my blood! Yeap I will!^^ thanks for theconcern:D haha my mum not too keen on letting me donate next year cozthe bruise I got this time is quite bad haha:x!
oo.. kk, as long as it works for u. :)
Yala so irritating. Baobao u more later
Kisses for u my dear!
Ps now arting
Lol incite mill? Haha okay.
hi Ricky, please don't try to cash the cheque I gave you yesterdayuntil Friday.  I haven't yet had the time to transfer monies into thechecking  account yet.  Thanks!
Called me?
Will reach at 1.
You leave today
Nt jokng..realy u r brillint i knw..
God driving is terrifying. Instant death in a fiery explosion isstill pretty bad to me
Sup wanna modnation
cant decide what to wear
My vertigo did a sudden manifestation as I climbed up the long slopeof an overhead bridge... creepy.
Teck guan got A. I got A-. Gaowei got B-.
t seem to find level 4000 one
s from 9 to 3..
Bdhdbdgsjfbd
Just on  <#>  gping to uu
hey what about rava?
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Hey gal did ya sis kp her past lsm1301 exam paper? Can i borrow to photocopy it? reb here..
Ohh ps it's often not very! Ooo where are you going! Nope she left atje! Hahaha ohh icic have fun! Ahh haha dun know how to help you onthat leh, is it a must for you to sell tickets? If not then dun sell!
Stop knowing me so well!
Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
it is quite huang miu, but still not bad cos e myth is well written
Haha idm now! But I'll be talking where hilda tay and sophie are cozsophie needs the internet on my phone!
haha omg nice:P haha go sleep go sleep!! (: ehh haha I told youbefore i'm awkward with people what! I can dun care about ppl also ifI choose to de! Haha yeap he cooked! His luncheon meat fry until vnice ~
Hai,im a chinese gal 18.u?
Owe me $19. Cloth is 9 and costume is estimated at 10. Btw we owe James $ for studiow rental too, dat one he collect from us separately.
Same here...Cya at 6
Meet at which part of lot one?
No
In the process of visit.wl talk later
Yea dulan go back le foo say those get gold for napfa can go! Waste time!
U wan me 2 drive 2 office or home?
K..k..are you online?
I am literally in bed and have been up for like  <#>  hours
:P haha! Ohh ps I didn't know my phone will auto disconnect when itturn off, I went to brush teeth!
Goodnight
Really. I was sleeping until u asked haha
U free now?
Tragedies of boys' Life: 1.Gud girls r Not Gudlooking:-( 2.Gudlooking girls r Not gud girls:-P 3.Gudlooking & gud girls r not single:-D 4.Gudlooking,gud & single girls have strong Brothers:-> 5.Gudlooking, gud,single girls without brothers will treat u as her brother. Struggle hai Bhai log....
Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol
ok can no problem
s going 4 the talk too.
Hihi
s membership card number ü wan to buy how much?
"Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doingordinary things extraordinarily well." - Angelique Arnauld
Iiii dunno. User your best judgement, we've been together for the years =P
Ok thanks.
Ya... Working lah... Y ü sian? wat r ü gonna do?
Yes
Trott is test player
Back of the ballroom I think! Haven't go in!
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Lol eh I taking this outsourcing and offshore module.need to interview IT pple 1.haha let me interview u leh.lol.
Wts??
m booking my lessons online
1 more stop
Pow pow
i come for lunch? is it ok
m on da bus going home...
Reaching?
I've not sent it. He can send me.
Then their assess are staying kidnapped, they're annoying
Haha then wait for it eh.
<#>  Love sms: 鈥┾????
Haha wooo okay. Anyway sakae was so shiok. Lol i can skip a day's dinner le.
Of course! haha
Erm...I nv bring wallet...Mac muffin can nt?
Ohh you!!!!!!!!! I was playing sudoku with my dad HAHA.
Bout 1
Same. Edit go to network main page. View it gives me page not found.-eric. Can check?
Cumin
<#>
Haha. Sure anot? Oni a bit. Haha. Tats bc u go thailand mahz. Mine not more thn 15.
My CA Registration no.IPCC/ITT/CRO <#>
I'm in the lt alr. Lol apprently chin guan is coming
Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
Oh, wanna go there ma
koun si film dekh rahe ho
s working tmr a not?
When idle, enrich yourself.
Nice thks tell u confirmed date tonight
Why le?
chou de.. still dunwan sleep ar?
Hahaha my parents were fetching him home hahaha! He left already!
As usual..iam fine, happy & doing well..:)
have a nice day
Haha oh ya mine from 9 to  <#> . Lol do you need it tmr or I can passyou on sunday?
Wru
Hahaha i'm not in clementi! It was fine haha I hope I did alright ><apparently quite a lot of people around me died? Unless I never studyenough then dun even realise i'm wrong HAHA. haha yeah lor!! never sayhi emo haha! Haha ooo still haha :P
Hahaha this 1 is call bo bao confirm.haha.
Happy new year to you too! So many kpop concerts to watch sia. Haha.
Mathe
Lols okay. Plan wad
I think it's now
Anybody wants to pump tml night?
Hot hot baobei! Rem to drink water and dun scratch ah! Love u!
Nvm la I find my way when it comes.
Ok I try. Time?
5th jan  <TIME>  gmt Hamaray 6th jan  <TIME>  bantay hain
hee. laogong muz slp earlier today! then rest ur body
In an Old Man's Shirt was written a cute sentence : ''I AM NOT  <#>  YEARS OLD.., I AM SWEET  <#>  WITH  <#>  YEARS XPERNCE.." dat is Attitude..! BE +ve ALWYZ !! dnt thnk tat i frgt to transfer u money my atm n net banking wil activated as they started new accnt in indsland bnk sory 4 the delay
Jason, you going for napfa on monday?
How's your week been?
Fwd: Hi i've sent out an email regardin cip. Pls help spread the msgto others in ocip group -charmaine. Help me send to emman
You going hostel today?
Hahaha im sorry for the late reply. So you received a reply from them already?
hey, can send me the photo again, i get my mms activated already.
Happy New Year Princess!
Bblp my mama say dont eat muah chee le. Good girl ah.
Chao you need to send me the latest copy of the pwa assignment.
You mean charge how much?  <#> /hr for peak,  <#>  for non peak.
Ic...Haiz,nv ask me along?Hee,im so sian at hm.
Ehh haha:P yeah!
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Hey yuquan ask if u wanna join Joel me billy and him for samc?
Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
Hi just to inform u I can be there for this wed meeting my tut justgot cancelled...
I not sure. But just ask
Yaar fir rhne do ab. Mai br br yaha pe time nhi le skta. Tm Mercer hijoin kr lo. Gitika bht badi Don ho gayi hai.
Just because you’re taking a break from your office..and your salary will be deducted.:-(
Hi u wait awhile, jack is on his way soon. O u wanna go dinner first. Sorry
MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
Its fine! Omg Joel taught me to microwave egg and milk together toeat! Put with soya sauce v nice!
Lol better get good grades! Sianz shld I take arp nxt yr?
Ok
i dont need help.
Hey =)
Jog was good!  <DECIMAL>  kms today! :-)
Like a coke can :)
<#>
Hey xin... Doin puzzle tmr rite... What time go ur hse leh...
Idk man. I still got Fk load of hmwk
Ok
Kk
Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
heee. chou chou baobei can i talk to u some more?
LG ur paper over?
hope thing will be fine
Ok lor...
huh... or wanna go for dinner?
Eh can send me the format of the special term request u send to ida? Thanks!
i may come on Sunday
Posb??
Lols! Nxt time then
ve got one... Have u done any accountin b4?
ok, thks!
Hahaha what that's the whole name!? So random hahaha!
Huh cookies is when ü enter e web page, automatic wil giv ür com one.all webpages ü visit wil hav cookie one mah rite?
O.. hanxiong also staying over? I think Sunday I come?
Yea..of cos..why?
m not on the bus yet... Abt 15 mins later? 103 correct right
Did you call
m leaving the hse?
Okay sure.
Apparently I not kiasu enough.
Nope... Cos nobody wans to join her...
Hey thyags came and collected the m1 stuff. So no worries.
Lol ok.u will survive till 3pm for lunch 0.o lol.
Me too, I haven eaten yet. U wad time reach np? Wan me help u buy food?
m at soc now, if u free can come look 4 me... :)
looool. Its not me. I didn't get some of the ice cream ooh. Dey say dey won't sell it to me la.. Or u want make we go bizz dem. lool. i will
She not interested ol
koun koun se topic karne hain chap 8 ke, yehi bata de
Yo Amber how's it going!
Hwmh?
Hey when u wanna meet at backgate
wheres my fallout 2? dhd u bring? or am i goin to claim ur life in compensation?
Haha wahhs >//////<!!! Haha how can I make you happier! You make mesuper happy too!!(:
Haha okay! Yeap will be busy aft sch! Katta is past tense of ani-adj! Yasuku, stem adj is yasui, meaning cheap or easy depending onthe context!
hi tazz, only both of us, intro pls.
Ok there's six people here now
0k dude inf0rm me as furthr.. I need tht h0ldrs v.urgnt
Good Morning bhai
No it's leave devil alone.
Eh. Not yet how ar..
No more clouds le la bao bao. Muuuackz. Tml soak water with u
Ok da..
Ohh should be ok!
Its about  <#>  bucks nett. Aiyo the seats very hard to book 1 leh.Somemore they just called me to confirm booking.
I bought newspaper already
Heh that will be my last day of submission.
Ahhaha alright. We are at blk 4, lvl  <#> .
Can you think of more stuff to put in the paper? We still short by about 10 pages
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
gimme a msg when u reach here..
s 6-12ph- ....
play tennis today?
U choose? As of now I'm free the whole day.
I cube?
orhh. i just reached home! love u so much. baobei get some rest.
Cool thanks! :-)
Hey did u upload a new copy with the team number?
I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
Pagal he kya
Mechanic...
In work now. Going have in few min.
Hi Sue, yes. I have scheduled  <#>  to be paid on Jul  <#> .  Is that ok?
Lol yup. But this time round you gotta collect the money at the same time eh.
Happy birthday to u, happy birthday to u, happy birthday to yew ping,happy birthday to u! Haha.
Tse, can help Lewis and yuanwei print odac form?
Haha thanks for that I can't get out of ucc until I finish. Anywaysthanks for the invitation. I am happy that you thought about that. Andalso that I got to see you today as I had desired. - hari om(messaging from friends phone as mine is dead.)
Haha alright. Thanks for updating!
amazing
Haha it's no problem, don't sleep too late! Jiayou for your test tmr!
Not here!
no problem, u come to our lab?
Nope, I was wrong it's lvl 5
TAKE A PHOTO
Okay!
Call
Goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. Because of back pain.
Hahaha coz I do it in hostel la!
Ya u come home when?
Lol okay! I see who can play tonight.
does fed fund all public broadcasting?
ll b late lor... My doggie juz gave me some work to do...
Wat uniform? In where get?
Haha.. Yea, it's nice :) lol..
Userid is supperking, password is nusengine...sms to eugene pls...idun have his contact no...thanx...
Jason ok then we go leo house play?
You all reaching already?
K
Siob Siob Siob... haha too late lah I can only.reach just on time lol
Love you more
Oh no. Get him to call me please.
Then, choose Sham Al-Sheik touristic destination
Just bring along lah...
Rawr no!! Hahaha okay let you take care of me^^ yay^^ ryan is the best (: (:
Oh ya,  <DECIMAL>  at canteen 2.
Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
Meet at where tonight 9pm?
Hey man, you around?
Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
Haha maybe! I really score damn low le x.x haha sophie gan has to seeher too but she lazy arrange with liwei._. Haiz how much energy doesit take to type an email._. Haha><
Who r u?
Lols nvm. 2moro going?
Msg 172: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<7c450fcffda82c8687f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2012.01.28 11:03:54
U got see genson's literature review?what he wrote?
Thanks!
Call me
Helloooo... Wake up..! "Sweet" "morning" "welcomes" "You" "Enjoy" "This Day" "with full of joy".. "GUD MRNG".
<#>  that's his phone number. Thanks!
Ah great thanks
Eh how u still want to come out?
Dun want
U should have made an appointment
Ok... Do you mind cooking? Or wld you prefer i cook?
Ok you give
s confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then...
Use what talents you possess. The woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang the best.GM - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Kk coming. Ps wear contacts for  <#> mins
Are you sure... you dont bluff me leh... I dont like to take photos...
hi bro hw r u?
pigooo!! finally u're  <#> ! may the road be smooth sailing for u andhave a wonderful day today and for every tomorrows! finally u'vestepped into the working life this year. wish everything goes well foru and have less amazing races. haha. finally, happy  <#> th bday to u!wish u good health n happiness n success!
Be a bad boy. Be rebellious
Ya you
ll get my dad to pick me up...
<#>  or  <#>
Bring ur passport details too!
Oh love! D=
mail kardi ha
Reaching home very soon.
Wah wah. Then you study hard bah. I can send you through email too.No worries.
Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
No i stored e wrong num. Haha.
Y no
Vacinda sr
No la... They ask me to go funan to look at fuji, if i like den email em to place order, it will b student price oso...
Long kashmiq wala rah gya hai. Hannad ko kara ra tha papr. But aram se pas ho gya hn teri wja se
haha! reaching next stop. tell me more later
Nop.. monday can?
Gg max. Die le. Fk Coa Fk eng Fk LCS
Think bout it. We have men talk tonight bro
Noo its coz my messages widget never update! Ooo lend her please and thanks!:D
No no.. Nothing he is very friendly:-)..
want 2 seats,,bye
Tell u soon k?
R we meetin at 11 at orchard mrt?
Sree for kochi..
Ekkada unnav
U hi.
Hahaha shaking you mean lol. Anyway you going home for dinner eh?
Yea 4 of us. New boat
Kallis for kkr....  <DECIMAL>  cr
Cool! Let you know later. We break camp le, all going cally house. Wanna come?
Nope haha I'm not involved in it! Hahaha omg lcs!!! LOL WHAT THE.
Whoops. This'll be just five
Haha that was before I started eating! Ahh so sad the drama i'mwatching! The mum was forced to leave the family!
U suggests we meet on wed...
wht shud i do?
Ttain coming in 4 min. love my girl!!
If it makes you feel better, I want them but literally can't =P
Next week only I think. This week im meeting lynette and thoaeinterested to come down and take a look at the proposal.
IS FILM MAIN TO RAPE SCENE BHI HA VILLAN ABID KA RAPE KARTA HA
Ps. It's  <#> . Nid photocopy?
Lol wat is ur SAT score
No problem. How are you doing?
dear there raining ma? i coming le. hee
K.. If u hurt im sorry.. I jst ask.. Vinee im really sorry
Overnight should be on sunday.
HOW IS TODAY?
I'm going lol
I'll let you know when it kicks in
Home le bbbbbblp
Uncl.
U not rock climbing ar?
A lil bit n also feelin a lil sour...But now i can escape to canteen already.U watchin tv again ah?Chinese serial?Later become potato.Then i can play bmi also.
Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
Haha ya... eh later I go back help u see if still can cancel or notcos I rmb must be  <#>  hour before... eh lol I try see if got anyother slot that suit ur time table later... wa! Can I rob u lol...
SMSCASTLE Funny Quote: Edison made many mistakes & found a BULB. But today if we make a single mistake,we are called a BULB.... CRAZY WORLD! B-)
Dur rehke haste rahoge to chalegaKbhi kbhi milte rahoge to bhi chalegahamari yaad me 1msg to karnaFir wo msg khali hoga to bhi chalega
oopsi.. u wan go walk abit or sit down somewhere? i reach le call u?
i'll give it a miss.. exam haven over haha. thanks for the invite though.
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Am slow in using biola's fne
Post! Beware of how Fakir grows up....
Hello gals! Any happenings there? Hee...haven been able to go online lately...all of u went to see corinna off? -miwa e wombat hee
Kk goodnight.
forgt to tell u, ur salary recieve le. i think  <#>  or  <#> . haha.cannot rem.
Got mediafire mah. Find 1 more guy leh.
Nope... I wan to use com la...
Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
Cos I going home now, if on the way i can send my frens home.
--
I taken ur cs <#>  term test paper for u later pass to u
Ohh alright. Just asking.
Yosh, I transferred the money le.
I think so. Every week rite?
Anything my darling buys i will eat...  Heehee.
<#>
Hi,i juz went to upgrade my hp n all my memories hav been deleted...Do u mind tellin me ur birthday so tat i can update,thks..
Love you
K
Hey when is physics test
ER is where car components r produce. Lysosome is container 4 exporting car. Mitochondria is powerhouse 2 produce power 4 factory. Not v sure of my ans..
Ok lor...
If you can come then why not?
s great! Can drive us ard...
<EMAIL>
I hate you
THE FACT THAT I CANNOT EVEN TURN IT ON COZ IT WAS MORE URGENT. LOL.HAHA VERY GOOD I WILL WAIT FOR AN EMPTIER TRAIN.
I think anytime also can go in one. We've our dinner first lah.
s wed 10...
Yes! In my current place I don't have a fucking window lol
Viduthalai malai prayer meet will be held on 4th sunday 6pm at Br.Pet's house.
Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
Haha i was thinking about that too, but i bo lui leh :/
Wooooooow means you gonna earn big bucks already laaa hahahaha
I'm in class. Did you get my text.
=/ =/ =/
Yo tonight you wanna play? Now only got cally and me.
Oh dinner is fine! I just got your  <#>  message haha! Call if youwant bah! I did a very malu thing haha!
Are we going to  <#>  tomorrow?
Vignesh
Xplain
ve made an appt 4 haircut at 2pm, together w 2 of my frens....
Okay^^
-.-
K what else.
Ahhh I taking bus to whitley sec...
Nthing
Stop ur emotional atyachar...
Thanks. Haha. Okay!
ll thk where to eat den call me back...
I that time also fever vomit. So shld be ba. I mayb go find yh or gymwif fren lo. U shld rest now la
Uhh if you still see pink then no.
Bhai meri abhi cl hai  <DECIMAL>  bje se. 2 bje k bd kr paunga ab.
Haha yo! Omg I just received both your smses! Haha cadbury didn't letus in! Then my rp mentor say he'll send us proposal by today yay! Hahawhat did I say ytd omg I only rmb you saying I'm lagging le and somemath qns:o
Hey..i don't hv aunty siew choo's number.. Help me inform her that i'll need to give the wwf meeting a miss, not feeling too well. Remember to inform her hor... Thanks!
Dear al.Aunty flori's fathr in law(uncles fathr) has pasd away in london.. *FIFA World Cup Live on DTV. Get connected for Rs.9, <#> /-*
Next b'day nalla vaekuraen iru!
LOL WAS THAT CHINESE.
Ya la... Aiyo... They say no more stock... Tsk...
No didnt.
Okay okay. Then need to help u all take the practice exam paper?
Amusing.
Reply le :-P
So we meeting at jp later right? U reach already?
Lol! Yea, you go into the country itself and you will realize you are the weirdo there :) hehe..
Watching Mr.Bean...so bored  Life is an uptask for me now...how u feeling ?
Oh...are u a girl?i thot u r a woman.
Okay.
Just saw yr message.. So my friend. Jesus also mentioned "let he who is without sin cast the first stone" the presumably just must realise that withoutA person will reap exactly what he sows. If he sows in the field of his natural desires, from it he will gather the harvest of death. If he sows in the f the sinner we not have had Jesus. ield of the Spirit, from the Spirit he will gather the harvest of ETERNAL life. Galatians <TIME> ,8 Praise the Lord! Hav a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Ok marsling le. At head today.
I am coming back:)
Orh ok! nvm I just ask her!
Nus gary. R u benny?
S also. Thks a lot man
I dun think the lect website hav it. I try to email ü today nite. Can give me your email?
Haha okay (: um I only know take those buses leh, hold on I check!
Whr
Haha nvm bah:/ I just hope not too black ah. Can ask the ppl youjio-ed whether they can make it?I think jiayi need the numbers bytonight or sth o.o
Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
Nope sorry:/ I got chalet then aft that got family dinner psps!!
KBCQ A
Then never mind lor, go another time.
I may not be!
hello good morning
Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who "smokes too much" for the entire month of february, I'll come up
Mjhe  <#>  bataya
dun be late for the appointment later!!!
Haha. I was just passing e msg for her. Ok, noted. Will let her know. Hope you have a great day.
waiting for the doctor..
Can....
I sitting at the centre block... Six row fr the bottom. Ü
Haha nvm see tml wat time we eat finish then ask bah lol... I quitorganising liao leh =p... jj concert T.T... but my frend say he also<#> % discount only
Abe kitne ka karana he
Hee. Nothing much. I putting lesson on Fri afternoon. :)
get well soon
The Eureka moments are some of the best moments in my life!
Yep. each will be paid $15.
Ok see u. Worried abt Pao getting there too late though.
Fuck
U told jason already?
bund main le le
HAHHAHAHAHA YES! Lol good for you lo.
Don't come so early hor cos tuition I normally drag a little more soabt  <#>  liddat.
Yeap! Mrt! Sorry late reply!!!
Never mind we got it, thanks
K
Of course!!!
U draw on a3?
Bhabhi ke liye cake lete jana , ghar jate vakht
hey man, i will be 15min late.. plaza sing rt?
ehz.. ur friend taking the chem lab.. can ask him to lend the report?ben wan to refer how to write report..
Where are you guys in sf?
Where u now?
Just send a text. We'll skype later.
Ah? So fast? Im on my way to tanjong pagrar mrt le.
Dear I'm coming.... hee. I feel like buying some fruits ..what'snice?  Oranges?
Haha yeah ohh wells!! at that point of time not interested:P onlylike end Aug like that haha!
LOL I ALSO DUN KNOW HAHAHA
Ok ar.  When?
Which lect time u bid 4? I dunno if shld take gem tis sem, i might take lor, u leh...
Evil gf! Want to make me fat only!
I am fine. How's the rehearsal?
Either I take  <#>  go tampines then change train or take bus tokallang to take train.
Heeee ok!!! :-*
I MEAN OFFLINE
gt free slot? maybe can meet up. bt i need to check wif him first
Hey, u saw an email on MPE? It states that the pre req for IS <#>Principles of IS us IS <#>  and IS <#>  leh. So i think u don't haveto take CS <#>  and CS <#>  as UE le. For IS <#>  Digital and NewMedia Marketing preclusion is changed to nil. That means u can takeMKT <#>  if u want to! Drop me a msg if u're confuse! Haha.
Nop
exam coming, work hard
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Haha:P yeah true but I wouldn't feel a stronger want/need to go! HahaI don't know honestly. Maybe I should distance from him haha! Justfinish bathing, folding clothes! Omg I think I can fall asleep likenow):
Because they're so awesome!! And yeah I wanna kope HAHA. One truepairing! It's used for those uhh guy pairs ah haha! Haha Huiwen iscoming too! Nia didn't reply leh, but I think she should be coming!
Being back your shirt from work.
U still sleeping ar?
Ok sweety. My heart keep thinking of u. :-*
"But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus." (Philippians  <TIME> ).
Gokila is talking with you aha:)
People may call it Attitude,But I call it Reality:CARE 4 only those peoplewho DESERVE itBcoz We are NOt Jokersto Entertain Everybody.
I need to help nat collect his prize, maybe need to wait until 5
Luv u too. 1sec.
Haha she so kuai?
I where got?
Clubhouse! :D
Hilda tay haha! I wanted to ask you! But it might be abit weirdhahaha coz I'm going to shop for stuff to wear! Idm! At first when youdescribed the clothes I thought you were referring to lewis!! Hahahaweird!!!! YEAH RAINBOW:DDDDDDDDDDDDD won't it be super cool:D
Let's just hope my job search goes as well.
Good morning de.
Statement. Because he had a discussion with lynette
hey.. can u lend me your popular card? i come over yor house now
Gold..
No la.. Meeting Chong hui in sci just for a while.. Then go for class, he needs to go somewhere else..
2day u free?
Don't I wish lol
0k bhai.. Kal 7 bje chalna he janta me.. Ankit se b puch lena
Where u going today
think mayb now lor, stay here also unproductive
Haha oh no what if I become very predictable then you get bored of me!
Wokay
Omg what a bad use for that pretty container!!
How u now andy?
Btw I'm waiting for you by the business office
:*
Shweta will come.. :-D
Haha what??? I'm confused! To sch is it??
Huh omg! jyjy!!!!!! Must get all your acts together! Haha hug! V^^
Dear wait in train k.  I leaving hsr
U can always shop for me!
Night dar I go slp le. Tml we meet at  <#>  ? I wake le den call u. Hee
That rite. Gotta get high cholesterol if can't get high CAP
Sorry called wrongly.
Wen u go to bath msg me
ur 6 come and pick me ah..
Start at 3?
Yeah i know i'll go back
goodnight^^ keep falling asleep haha!
A few lines even enuf. I have 2 prepare the speech n get ready.
Check in with southwest in  <#>  min!!!
THE new house.
Wait  <#>  min..
Englsh :@
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Come down n get record de
Ph0ne lagaya kya yaar
No
My favour will shine on you like the morning sun, and your wounds will be quickly healed. I will always be with you to save you : My presence will protect you on every side. When you pray, I will answer you. When you call to me, I will respond. Isaiah <TIME> ,9 Praise the Lord ! Our GOD is a living GOD who listens to every single prayer of ours. He is ALWAYS with us. Have a blessed day IN CHRIST my dear brothers and sisters:-) :-)
<#> hrs make a lovely day, 7 days make a lovely week,  <#>  weeks make a lovely year & knowing a Person like u will make my life lovely. Happy Valentines Day
Wah so many pple wanna work de ar. Haha.
Eric sent email. Please help me follow up as soon as you can.. thanks!
Smith to pune..
What time will you be free to online
Haha. Thanks. Same greetings to u!
Dear u reach where le?
to bhai ek bar bata na mera pas wo numb nahi he
Btw, I'd send you more recordings but my obnoxious neighbours startedbanging on the ceiling to make me stop at 2pm haha
Dinesh Ji < <#> >,
Ya. Stuck in a freaking jam. Are you?
BluePighello...work tonight?
老公，慢慢来，come to me safely!muacks
okie.. just bathe out, kiss u!!
Yeap!
Drop here for what? Not like we in contact with them also. He wantscan la, just tell him to contact me directly la.
But last mon she said by fri.
Waa Emo la the team take best 4 readings mine 4th. Gideon dam gay got <DECIMAL>  min wen sheng  <#> s faster than me. Gotta train for hotwheels!
Muuuacks
He's growing TOO well..fat boy now! Lol. Heh.. Ok dokie, good nights! =)
Ps nvr bring phone out. Did yh reply?
Oh shit. Hhahahahahaha
s not in sg now. I help u ask when she back, can?
Ok Andreu, wishing u a hapy n safe journey. May wgod bles u. Bye
It dies too fast lol
I go toilet
I love you dear.
Meet mrt station  <DECIMAL>  bah.
Post! Poor Fakir =P
lolololol
I was with all the Cal undergrads but one, but now I'm home
Jia you le! I gonna start on my marketing too lol... haha won't sosway lah... or maybe u can try see got any medicine eat to control itlol... at most so sway I pei u walk the beach all the way lol
Yea but if my exam period I cant
MORROW. C U THIS WK? WHO WAS THE MSG 4? - RANDOM!
Nope din buy anythin... Put on weight liao, so try clothes nt nice den din buy lor... Aiya, one more yr only, v fast over...
About 5 plus.
Haha my yan guang not bad leh, ever since p5 till now. XD
come to the stop early
You got study programming...
Den i hv a problem
Lol what de. Haha you at bus stop just now?
Legal VOTING age for BOYS is  <#> , but legal MARRIAGE age for BOYS is  <#> . Moral: it is very tougher to handle a WIFE than a COUNTRY!;-)
Ohh okay!! Heehee ps!!!!
FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
Hmmm I not sure jio who... eh weds after movie gym?
Now?
Omw back now
Are you still here? Hehe I have sth to pass you:P
Yea, how abt u?
Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
Haha coz I'm sleepy! They're funny! They playing shit head nowhahaha! Call maybe in awhile?
Pls reach here asap..we are going off soon..
Haha OK :-)  good morning then!
ll quit my job at e end of tis month... So sian of workin oredi.. U still workin?
Happy birth day my dear mable chechi
I go le! Cya
wah.. casino gambling? which casino?
Email to yur tutor.Muz put yur name ya..+send to e seow email too.
eh.. later meet ya all at tp mrtk..445pm
I want to send something that can sell fast.  <#> k is not easy money.
Ok  <#>  city hall
That's fine, have him give me a call if he knows what he wants or has any questions
great! u r starting on sunday right?
m on e bus liao wat... Buy yoghurt v fast wat...
Be careful. See u soon.
Haha yes I do :-D. Enjoy your day!
U say u luv me n want 2 hold me tight.Those words run thru my head day n nite.I dreamt u held me n made me c dat 4eva 2gthr V wud b.
What time will you get there?
Celebrate this Festival Season with IOB. Buy 2,4,8, <#> , <#>  &  <#>  grams of imported gold coins with  <DECIMAL>  purity at competitive price. For details contact branch.
Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
Caw caw... I just realised that's are five unnamed heart shards
Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
i dun mind
Very nice!!!! See lucky you got off:P
For the central limit theorem, each set is also a random variable sothe theorem still holds.
Or I guess  <#>  min
Eh where we meeting?
Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry
Are me ajmer me.. Bhai tjse ek jaruri kam tha
Ya  <#>
Hi Jon, I don't eat pork and meat but I have no problem if it isserved for others. Thanks for asking :-)
Im trying to let you understand, not to win. It's time you learnt.
Ohh I see.
I'm sorry about that I think maybe the email bounced i need to go check at home.
Check ur email NOW!
Computer Networking.. A top down approach.. James Kurose, Keith Rose
Oo.. then nvm lo.
Aiyo u send me an email? I write step by step inside. Sms hard to type.
Ps. Clementi now
Moro b, pani giret me keti jabe beta.
t always revolve around you
In my house.
good night and sweet dreams ttfn!
Hi jen
Awaits his ans. Tink working.
ok. Take care of yourself.
home?
Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ...
yaad se bata dena
Yeah cycle until pain): dun know why! Yeah we returned le! I atemcflurry:P jyjy!
Dear dear, battle low. I go charge
hci survey  <#>  b a a c b b a a b
happy birthday unnicha....May God bless u..
Latest update: Kenny now playing mahjong not free... Jeffery now atchurch, will be free late night...
Fuck I literally don't know what to do. If I don't find it I willhave no more than five bucks for a month because there's no accessiblewf
Okay thks. Get well soon Mr lee
LOL awesome! You left it on your sofa or something?
Bojio...
Gimme 5 mins. Wait at lobby
Are bhai mvie  <DECIMAL>  bje he.. N ghar mt ja na.. Sidha mvie chalte he
okie... i might be late also what... u also must wait ah... dun get angry ah... :)
I got lesson from  <#> pm.
If you can pass before going to work
Patel to kochi
Haha yeah eat le then I went to bathe! Ooo wow can vote de ah? Hahawow herngyi lol! Hahaha sad no cp hahaha my dad didn't specify! HahahaI should do evil laughs! Should I? Hahaha what time you sleeping! Mybro keep watching manly songs with mlp video!!
ok baby!
I'm at last second row left.. Less aircon..
ok, im attending vmware speech. thk u a lot!
Love you too
5 lo. Go where pool
How much?
ll coffee n u can giggle.
Dear I go orchard walk walk. Hee
Someone stole our milo and my redendo?
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Which link?
Haha orh! but I won't be free to hold meeting this week also omg:xthis sat meeting, what do you think?
Mai na krun?
Look carefully
My dad asks what's your waist size!
Lol ok
Hey we meet at db mrt at 330 on fri k?
I was just about to text you, my phone was on vibrate and I was sleeping
Yes isn't it disturbing!!!!! Why not! or maybe it could make DOLLARS!!
Bye
I notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
Good night and have a Tawang dreams.
Hahaha yay! Okay next time you have a big bottle when i'm ard let'stry:D hahaha too expensive!!! buy for his bday:D
Haha... Go la... It ends tmr.. Else i wun wanna go today too... Where u now?
No calls..messages..missed calls
Wooot.feel like buying Sony dslr learn learn play play.recommended not sia?
HAHA SLAP. I DID A RYAN LOL SO EMBARRASSING
Prepare to be pounded every night...
wld u be gg zouk on fri?
Yeap! Eating sushi! Yeah i'm not so tan chi! Haha I just woke up andleft hostel!
Dirty, messy, over-crowded city, can do max 2 or 3 days
Lol nvm lo later then pass me... haha I also once in a while evilforgive mua~~~
Wednesday.
Home le dar
Yrah just heee
oo icic! Wow your week is busy:P hmm how then! I have council onthurs and fri haha! Yeah! Can smile? Or you can think about the malustuff I do:P
Mo
Haha! So suay! Qwerty need to press more times!
Wah so convenient.
<3 I love you.
Hi if we r not wrong, its one of the premolar.
Moo. Estimated time of arrival?
Sure, I'll see if I can come by in a bit
?u check ur email can liao wat.got the confirmation.
U?
m stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt...
hihi! will u be able to meet for consulting this thurs at  <#> ? its for updating one another in our grp.. I'm sorry its ur free day..
Woah okay I really dont know about that. 说来听听 eh.
Ss:)
Hi.. Afternoon.. How is ur first day of new yr..
Woooot.hows results. <#> got win Vietnam team?
u where?
So I apply leave?!
Choose Resort Hotel
s must be a reason why u say that jus now rite ?
you joking ?
I tink can. We so zai
Wat u wearing ah? I dun think i wearing jeans.
Internal energy depends solely on state quantities, which are temp,pressure n volume. State achieved is therefore independent of theprocess. Its not just cyclic; u draw 2 points, A to B. U can haveinfinite paths reaching B, but once it is at B, the state of thesystem is defined.
Thnx... Gud nit...
Hahaha fun! Oh man AP T.T not looking forward! Haha yeah esp chinesehaha! I always never finish! Yup exams starting same week but you allgot less exams than me! Sorry late reply!! I forgot to reply><
Haha no, I always see a different owner with the dog! Haha so cute!!!Omg I really want a pet): vivien and Joel's rabbits are soo cute!!!
Lolwtf where btw
Whoa why sleep so late!! I left my phone at home hahaha! Hope thekids are alright!
=P
ok, that's fine. Maybe around  <TIME> pm?  Strange, I did't get yoursms till now.  At Chartis at Shenton way now.
IRCTC : www.irctc.co.inLogin ID : Ankit <#>Password : aarti
Mummy ko doc k pas le jana hai.
No still on
Ty! Haha ya lo here just stop... so good weather for sleeping! Lol...then u have to wait for rain to stop then can go out sob sob sob
Yes at  <#> am.
Hi there?
will you come
Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
Haha no I expect more than that. Because I got links for yourinception already. XD
u r going 2 tell me u dun believe in Friends 4ever, but I believe. 4ever? u will be my best friend.
Call me tomorrow
Sorry, I'll call later
Yes come on over
But she keep losing already what..shld have faith in her!!
Wilson, can we meet  <#>  to 2pm tmr? I told TG le.
Yup...
Like 5 plus 6
Well it's always good to have some drama to let you connect with the characters better!
Hey tmr we meet 530 orchard mrt ?
Haha yeah but when I open contact can see your name! Haha yea I wastired plus my parents chase me off haha :P
Nope. I have a umich id and a birth certificate.. I have my soc cardand temp licence paper too I guess
Haha.. that's cool! March then.. you got the first half of stipend right?
Ya la...No choice...Wat to do? U intro me someone beta lo...
What
Hi i'll be there in abt  <#> mins. If you're there early u can findfang fang first?
Going by bike tml?
no problem. will give u the details and show u how to do it.
K
Yoyo awake? (:
Haha okay. But nevertheless, if u've then do share it. We hope tohave a confirmation by tonight lah.
Hey gals... Tmr meet wat time... N where....
Haha I dunno leh, just try bah! Let her know you're not in school!Haha good good!(:
Another guy... Should i go use comp 2 compose 1 pic of me n Mr Jin. Haha... U tell him i say this, he sure t kind of face n scold me again...
Oh ok! I think its the same one as mine!
Will u go der
What omg! you should've told me then we all go watch movie tgt! :Ddun emo! Bad for health! I'm sure you heard of the saying before! thedunno one minute of happiness compared to one minute of sadness isstill one minute! So might as well be happy!:D nono haha I meant studyit lah! :P
U ask ghenglai and yongzhong whether they want to come or not lor.
Hi Andy, I just checked my email n saw ur reply this morning. So isthe air dancer a mascot or inflatable? And do I use $ <#>  or $ <#> ?
R u cmng today?
Later who free to play?
Post! "YOU CRAY!" -Fakir
3. Den got assembly den odac
Haha fan say cannot do anything, I was very potato then almost cry infront of him twice haha oh no so embarrassing. Haha yeah it is but Istill dun have one haha. Oh my can restore the appdata??
What u all buying? Help me to buy leh. I go join u all now. Haha.
Hahah.. Ya.. Cool man.. And is deluxe villa.. with our own private pool!
Muggggggggs!! Dingding!!
<#>  min me pahuch jayenge. Tum taiyar ho kr niklo.
Free on this Tuesday for a business strategie?
Oh right! Haha nvm lah, today take!(: morning!
Rest a bit. And eat soon:-) hee
K come to nordstrom when you're done
I today end v late. Going my fren hse. 2moro morning den go home
Woooo I passed astro!
Nope nope*
HAHAHA probably you've missed him.
Ya I free next week :)
Yeah most probably.
Yup going!
I'm in tut 7.
<EMAIL>  confirm my friend check le
Ohhh watching vampire diaries.
No prob for me. Yea its all over facebook?
sure! :-) Take care! :-*
dun want
I can head over and we can do whatever haha
Itz nt d tim.
U dint tel anythng properly....
End of the month? Lol. OK.. can you stagger it into a timeline andreply so he is happy?
R u awake?
okie. then buy lunch for bein late. No lah, just kiddin
still doin it.. can show u tomorrow?
Then too bad loh. Haha. Rmb your recipe hor. I know i very fan. Haha.
Help bring fibo shirt!
DAMMIT HOW THE HELL
Hey love
:-)
Oh oh okay.
Okie I see see map where is that place first then tell u where tomeet... I suddenly rmb shld call to reserve first lo wait a lotpple...
rogar
Yupyup i have a list
Aww babe. With just everything we were talking about?
S
Hahaha about 4pm.
Haha okay okay! We were asking raghav to get white hahaha he don'twant!! Ohh dear haha okay okay tell me later!
Haha okay!
Wat are words if u don't really mean them when u say them
Guailan ar. Meet at tamp?
Ok
s always pesterin me, dunno y... Haha, i find him a jerk oso lor...
Hey sorry... I cun make it tis sat... Ive got trg on sun morning...
Go talk more!!!
Emina chepara
Hahaha interesting stuff!!!!:D
Huh... I was thkin of buyin juz now at crown la... Half price 80 la... Mambo watch v ex one wat... But decided nt to buy liao...
Reading Calvin and hobbes also seems to help lol.
I have no idea. Den he nid ask others lo
Why you no let me know ? I'm angry
Haha I shld end  <DECIMAL>  arh... so guai bring book! He ask for mj lo! Lol
Haha I left the com awhile! Shall sit at my cluster corridor forawhile! Very squeezy inside haha! Yeah haven't>< haha are youconcentrating well?
s new man... So tis is her no wat bf?
Lol Sian.tot tat 1 can score.project still say can wat show the board.Percy got A-.and my gf oso A-.think bias.Percy his name sounds like char bor.
In front of a naked og that wont be able to exploit me with any nudephotos of myself.
m meeting them at orchard mrt..u wan join us??
.... I tot s5 ep2 sia
Oh no im out already.
Yo yo. Later when you on your com, remember send me your updated resume.
No dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  <#> rs and il be getiing  <#> rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  <#> rs..
No dinner
U r missed!! :-P @-}-- :-*
Yes! I also plan to repent for being the worst friend ever to one ofthe awesomest people I've ever net =(
Same to u...
Only 1 attachment
Ya lor. Haha I on my way. Where you sitting?
Happy chinese new year!
Hey I cannot make it at  <DECIMAL>  I got a presentation at<DECIMAL>  in school... I can reach earliest 1pm
Ger v wan to go cheong today? zouk .
How is or baby
Once you are happy
Gay fag! Unrealistic siaz. Mayb  <#>  in pyramid la
m still at the bus stop... Missed the bus. So i might be later than you
Yea why? U going 2moro?
:D
Gooooooooooooood morning to my yei yei!! Hee. Wake up le ma?
The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
Now how would that be if i used the gift card you gave me for chicken for you? lol!
Lucky e honey i ate is low sugar content.. I hope u find it just nice.. :-)
ok. See you on time. Thanks.
It's full day haha, I dun really wanna go haha:/ well as such we canconclude that odackers have more common sense than cp ppl! I.e.Spencer ahem ahem.
ll b workin until nxt wed only...Haha, takin a break...
<#>
I ser!
Im at home already.
Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer
who can realise the real love
shuanggan
Nop I dun print in hostel...
How was your ball?
never mind
For wat u asked me to wait
V came to just saw
How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  <#> . Good listener  <#> . Organizer  <#> . Good boyfriend  <#> . Very clean  <#> . Sympathetic  <#> . Athletic  <#> . Warm . . .  <#> . Courageous  <#> . Determined  <#> . True  <#> . Dependable  <#> . Intelligent . . .  <#> . Psychologist  <#> . Pest exterminator  <#> . Psychiatrist  <#> . Healer . .  <#> . Stylist  <#> . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
Why it very tough?
Lol long ended.the lect onli like <#> mins.my group got 4 pple aalready leh.Max is 5.how to put u n Steph sia.
Lol you still havent enrol ah?
coming..
I reach liao... Call me when ü all r here...
Cannot. Only by bib no
I heard 7):
Sianz I wanna play too
I juz read thru lor... But haven finish readin, die liao... Tmr mt u at wat time...
Shafiieeee I miss you too :( how've you been!
Joel parents dun allow. Yh parents tink he going out with cherie lmao
Ah crap not free until damn late. Are you guys running short on parts urgently :/ if not i think let jc hold for a while more because we really don't have much too
Not really is more for.sleeping cos in the end I also left at 3lol... ya learn finish le lol... cute arh kung.fu panda lol... wa! Sofast lol...
Dear tell :-(
Ok
Found it lol
Hi, I'm <name>, one of the old tenants... we have a slight issue, Ihave to come up on the bus tonight to pack and move my stuff and,because of the way it was set up, I believe you guys are using myroom, which is slightly problematic as I need a place to stay and pickand clean.. Sorry! I would really appreciate it if we could find asolution :)
U disappear again!
Bao bao my baobei! Dear so sweet to me leh.  Sayang u more. Go take arest OK. Then eat ur kueh. :-D. :-*
I went just now after  <DECIMAL>  also a lot of people. Forever got alot of people. Want to watch Johnny English tmr? Ohh the babies arehealthy ah?
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
u slp le?
ding ding da ding ding!!!! hugs and kisses for my boy!!
K
Yeah!! I bought a Reebok cap got 9 bucks!^^
Hahas! BTW I jus realised its  <DECIMAL>  -.- ps
Got br2. u want?
Haha dunno leh got alot of things Hilda said! Hahaha yeap I thinkso:x hahaha okay okay maybe I go in my room now!
A Girl falls in luv n decides 2make her DAD meet d guy. She takes 3guys n introduces dem.Wen dey leave she asks her dad,whether he could guess her lover. Dad: "D second one?" Surprised at d right guess she asks: oh dad! hw did u knw? Dad:Its simple. Of d 3, i hated him d most. Dads rock!! Good evngB-)
Wow omg sorry I never check phone!!!!!!!!!! Are you okay???
Can lo, go private like you eh.
hee. come le come le! kisses n hugs
-7485-  $10 big   $5
Hey, we going clementi, u tell me what prices u wanna check?
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
Huh? I abit confuse leh. That means we eat le then u all go meet her friend?
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
U outside already? With who?
Eh roughly what time huh? Cos I free from abt  <#> , pk got somethingon at 2, I gtg at 4. Considerin changi shld take u quite long to getback here.
=)
yeiyei nite nite!
Cityhall le
m coming home 4 dinner.
Lol, can I get a coma then lol
Nice
<#>   <#>
1 ah? Dont want now?
awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah
Up to u. I personally don't think that we've to submit the hardcopy though.
I mean entry proof
6pm  <#>
Choosing me is a personal attack lei...I need counselling...
Wah lol move out of bugis. Hahahaha
It's 5th floor!
Yessssss
Thinking of u ;)
Haha you nv know...
Hee. Orh! Baobao u
LUCK!
Can u send me what u've done for the prominent systems? Thanks.
Hey where's the place eh?
Lols I v late den will home!
Kemp unsold ah?
dont know..need to find some job
Tips to Reduce ur Weight: 1st turn ur head to the Right & then to the Left. Repeat this Exercise Whenever u r Offered Something to eat.
Are we going?
Can you come online?
Oh OK sure.. satyam also can. 3pm then. How will you come? By bus?
Still feeling nauseous. My dad is fetching me to the clinic now. Thks
Gee... Hopefully we can really find our way, haha...
Halo Saint ...
Yea Hahas thks!
With?
Bout 6. When land training
Yes indeed...
Oic. That means clara is my junior too! Haha. She didn't go nus bizar.. She's from sde right? Ya, got alot lah. Of coz u don't compareyourself to FASS or biz students. In soc, u conisder alright liao.Don't worry. My english so cui also not worry, u worry for what.
Hey I am at block  <#> .. should I come up?
ya xi, today's tuition change to wed ok? you free today? i pass uanother assessment book to do,
We go out for dinner?
HAHA I hope so too xD I'm eating dinper now LOL
Having bread. What time did you finish last night? Slept around 1030. Hope you are feeling good to work today...
Lol okay. Pray hard no lag ah
Hello master kang. Have a blessed birthday! I'll see you soon ;)
Friday what are we eating eh? Korean bbq or xlb buffet. Both alsoneed to book eh.
Thik hai sb. Bs thodi formatting krni hai wo mai kr dunga.
Okok gimme a call when u gg then I come down
When you leave msg me okie.. Then can fried veg..
i suddenly feel like doing some volunteer work this holiday. are you game for it?
Lol it's summoned out usimg the impure world jutsu.
Haven yet. Haha. Still at cck. U go first ba
Love it. Now benching with it
Lols slack play frisbee. Wat the u pangseh
Uhh ok
oh..Okie..Abt what time?I let them know..
I love you too!  Glad you made it safely =)
K i outside
Hmmm... no leh... it's not because I pity you... I also don't pity you...
Ü dun need to pick ur gf?
=D
Ehhh... okay. I prob reach a little later than 6
Yeah top student is raymus. The one who committed suicide this year.
Hmmm b7l_jammer that is L ..Hotmail...Hmmm you add me msn ba...
LOL HAHA LORD OF THE RING HAHA
That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
I go jp find u lor
Haha I ate he bao fan! Lol no lo I so fat is u motivate me!
K RoZi *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Dear1鈥〣est1鈥〤los1鈥㎜vblefrnd鈥〤utefrnd鈥〣estfrnd
TELL HER TO GO!!!!!!!!!!! Yup I'm going!!
Please start without me. Only leaving school now.
Pete can you please ring me ive hardly got any credit
Gnv ditch
Yup sure.. will you be able to help backup and wipe it?
Oh! So kind of you.
Daddy I still waiting for bus at his hse. U fetch da jie first
No card...
Haha alright?
Then the comments will include question 1 as well. You later after around 4 or 5 go and check ur mail and c c lor? then u add in ur comments, opinions,..
Coming soon. Today four of us need to hand in project so not going lect. Later i reach sch then call u.
wfnu9p4q
Ok take ur time.
Ohh. I lost mine.
Dieing! sorry! But I think only herngyi going haha
No la at my mum office later eat dinner. Emo siaz
So i later i go pick u lah, wat time i let u noe later.
Here, get the door
I in lab. U? Phone no battle le
Haha poke! Off le!
Goodmorning, today i am late for  <DECIMAL> min.
Okie... Cheeze...
2moro. While returning princi told.
Ok. Will out for  you if hp runs flat..
Ya
I 8pm go ur hse can?
oki..
Imma there alr
Ya lo examine coming so.soon T.T... sianz! Lol... haha ok arh got 6hour enuff bah I hope lol
Hey tmr night wanna eat tian ji zhou for dinner? At kallang there.
Wahahahah liddat also can.... ya lo scare u go out other man willfall for u mah... even women also fall for u lol...
Btw*
E learning any shitz?
SsK Jobs: Wipro is going to conduct off campus for  <#>  &  <#>  pass outs @Chennai on  <#> , <#>  jan  <#> . Eligibility criteria is  <#> % in BE/B.Tech/MCA  <#> % in  <#>  &  <#>  Venue: Aarupadai Veedu Institute of technology, vinayaka nagar, o.m.r road, paiyanoor, kancheepuram dt,chennai  <#>  Time: 8 Am on both days
Need emulsifier!
In the lap bag that we carry as hand baggage.also one more thing i forgot ......ya the blazer for u hold it like ceo's do ok ..i am also holding it.will show how to carry.dont worry
K
Huh... How come, too taxin ah...
Okie... So cya there... Muacks...
Y
Ok no prob
My mom's yo
Today  <DECIMAL> pm
m doing now. Any of ur friends looking 4 job let me know.
How come all I enter the company, then I click on the amt.. All zero value de.. Won't be the value on the left..?
Huh... Change again ah... Seems lk my info very outdated...
which part of town would you be in ?
On the way,call you when I reached
You wana come out and chill?
I rmb tat time..melissa oso present for the check during mytime...did she say tat i need to be present oso?...
Y
Phone de bo leh. Only got ipod. :-o why you keep copying and pasting lol
Uhh i don't have it with me now, I'll get back to you when I do
Anna i'l get at station halt.Is it ok
I passed the exam! Tnx for support. See u tonight!  :)
Sorry! See ya l8ter
I hav  to grocery shop at 6
Sure..
K
Bout wad time u finish gym??
Pretending to read for class!
Ohh he says its before the meeting!
Hey how come I put killing floor into one of my comp it says the sideby side configuration... Error
Goodnight v^^
Don't forget to bring the note
wah... the movie very good hor... very funny leh
Sup love?
m frm K.L.,RANGER. U? Can I have ur tel. no pls? Mine is 0166305681
When r u coming home
Yes
Ooh I hope it gets stuck in your head too
The pink zinc bag, baygon, wallet, jacket?
When, Lord, did we ever see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you a drink? When did we ever see you in a stranger and welcome you in our homes, or naked and clothe you? When did we ever see you sick or in prison, and visit you? The King will reply, " I tell you, whenever you did this for one of the LEAST IMPORTANT of these brothers of mine, YOU DID IT FOR ME ! " Matthew <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-):-)
Had diner?
Dear I go charge hp .. 3pm find u
Wad did I msg? Yuan Wei send one. Erm we going out eat. U wan?
Hi Sue, thanks for your help.  Yes I will let you know closer to theactual date of our move. We appreciate it!
Nothng
K k:-)india won the match:)superb performance :-)
Rp for kochi.
do u like me?
Candy say to remember to bring cabin key tml...
Yo g-reg! What are you up to?
I slap you, you pervert!!
Mr alfred cheang coming later at  <DECIMAL> . Please call himimmediately when you arrive. Anyway he wants to see what equipment wehave and is willing to teach photography.
Training start ho gayi kya?
Nop he pee into t shirt and squeezed to drink
Ps nvr check phone. Now walking to mrt
Okie...
Waa shiok... No sch?
Tturn it down or turn it off.
Okay... Thanks.  i just boarded the bus
In the cab now, shld be back in 10mins.
:P haha!!!! Kidding lah!! Shall I bring cards?
On train le yei yei
Never sleeping early. Sleep is for the weak!
Nah, I saved it in a miscellaneous file on my computer haha
btw i haven coded entity yet.only done some interface,
I dnt wnt 2 hear ur voice...
My flagraising ends at  <#> h and lessons start at 8... When is your recess
Alamak! Have you told jia ying?
HKY, I remember I have to give u $30 (at Peace Centre 2 weeks ago). cc LCT
Pon hse meeting
Mine too lols!
Sit on them!
where got? you go yourself?
Water training! Haha its so so ah! I dont mess around de!
No. she didn't. And she can't get during cors too becoz demand toohigh. She got to appeal. Haha.
He left his things and went off. Joel not coming 2nite
She ask me to give you la.. Lol..
Haha since i picked up bass i've been learning a little bit here and there la, since a basic knowledge improves your coordination with the drummer a lot. I can play simple stuff la, but i need more exposure on a drum set to improve. Haha i sometimes practice 6 hours at a go on bass and guitar.
Yeah, got a locksmith to come down. Waste lotsa money... :)
LOL im still on bus I dont even know what's there la haha
Hey u called me rite, is it bcos of leona t thing? I jus called her.
Baobei really very sweet to me leh. I feel so lucky to have u! Goback safely k. Muacks!
Oh omg so cute!!! See la never bring your phone out!!
why r u not back? hope all is well we always commit u to prayers its well
Neh.
Ohh no are you sleeping!?!?!
Yo guess what I just dropped
Yeiyei!!!! Remember to eat ur lunch ok! Lub lub dum dum. Squeeze bumbum.  :-P
???
Erm nxt Mon or Tues? Lols I no hmwk to mug
Later meet 1pm outside the verge can?
Hi joey
U wait near ma class 'l come in 2min
Think he at home cause just now I go sch he just wake up
Yep probably I Going slp now
again again
2day 1st friday v r singing4 evening mas and practis after mas. Pls b thr at  <DECIMAL> pm.
Sonic Fashionss Account No-  <#> ,  鈥﹕wift code- HSBCINBB.
How about after  <#> pm?? Hehe
Hey remember the girl who was talking with us after the first lecture of 4252? Can you give me her name and contact number?
Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
I love u too sweety
hai
Vishvasikkumoo ennariyilla.njan vallathe kaahtappettu.now sitting on the footboard of a kumali bus to reach erumeli.in between my in between leg got injured after long walk.
Over 1hr long queue for burger king.  Skipping :-)
Because I understand!
?? Ghnta bc? Dimagh khrb hai in ka
Lolol ok ok.
Hey yun... Can you help me print something out tonight and pass to me tmr?
I'm not sad either! Yeah ok! Aft this?
I am coming
Lara.
Hey guys meet up tmr same place at 4? I'll submit datzezy tonight
we just come out from turf club. both of is made $800 each.
Is there study time today?
Well. Balls. Time to make calls
you still working?
Ok can
email to bata de
2mar sthe takla makan e jbo
Yes... Call me now lor...
Why boy boy de?haha
Okay okay.
Mom, Did you had your lunch?
t believe it... i am so happy for her!! dun tink she will be back for christmas though sighz
E-7CE <#> B <#> C license key
Aim*
Hahaha sorry lor!! Hahaha no lah!!! Not all of them are me!!
Thx and i also need ur help to prepare it i have no experience of that :)
Hahahaha no la just random flashbacks about previous dinner hecooked. The fishball soup you know hahahaha
Add
Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
Hee justtot of msg u. Go safe sweety. Love my mum mum
Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
Haha yeah but no difference lah she is awesome all the same:) shecame when I was 4 haha! Haha I kinda quite sian of sc already, all theissues, see liao want give up liao! Yea I wanna go out with all ofyou! Haha sad >< LOL your exam. After my Chinese a levels how aboutthat!
Hey sorry I wont be able to make it. My pet guinea pig sick.
Arun,please don't forget to bring the pen drive.. I copied the presentation on that.
The affidavit says  <#>  E Twiggs St, division g, courtroom  <#> , <TIME>  AM. I'll double check and text you again tomorrow
Ok k sunday can you.
ll meet at tiong bahru mrt ctrl stn at 130pm pls bring ard $15 4e chalet n bbq...those goin sentosa on ur own let mi noe...thx!
Wat the! Den how train and eat dinner
Okay.
I tot u already added??
KBCQ C
Haha.. ya I till ten. Okok. Call me when u end.
Jeez, that's ridiculous.. I don't even understand
Ok! Cca slot?
To love and win is the best thing. to love and lose, the next best. gud nun....tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
I see xD
My dear, i have just finished lesson la... Will go and look for u later..
India  <#>  for 7:-)lax  <#>  not out.
<#>
Pls call
At his house! You all can go first! You know how to go right!
He said that we were unsynchronised and choreo is not good.
Joey: Hai rin
s e project? Done? e shares part leh? Xing ku ni
ok all are nice!!! thank you umm one more thing! my friends commented that our
pipe ah the exit pipe doesn't really suit our theme an he gave me an imaglge that suits better I uploaded it, maybe u can edit to fit our theme?
Then clementi got bus go np?
Im going down for dinner later.
Waitin for train dar
Haha. Wow. My hse hw can kp 2 big dogs. Hehe. I thou u will ask me go wif u. Hehe.
Hey jus 2 let u know dat tomorrow we'll b practicin from  <DECIMAL>  to  <DECIMAL>  at billys studio(fife rd). So practic is confirmed. See u at  <DECIMAL>  sharp. Tc n gd nit.
Post!
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:Balaji.Tnt;;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Fed yet?
Nite nite! :)
Turn right on bandera
Chlo thk ha
Lewis ask me ask everyone lols. Erm Friday u can? Most ppl Friday free
Maruti  <#> :-)
I donno if they are scorable
LOL THAT MAKES IT EVEN FUNNIER HAHAHA HIS SIS IS AWESOME HAHAHA LOLOMG I WANT TO WATCH ALSO HAHA WHOA PRO HAHAHA SO YOU FAILED HAHAHA
Haiz sad sad.. the list so few ppl.
If not seeing the doctor then I will stay in school after assembly lor. Neh dont need anything
Where are you da tell me da naya.
I wouldn't know I've been in this one building waiting for you =P
LOL NOT AT ALL I ASSURE YOU! hahaha you are so awesome liao why willI leave:P I'm installing sims! It's on Nov 4 & 5 7 am to 9 pm with 5hours break on both days but need turn up for briefing on  <#>  Oct!At Singapore sports sch! And my class ppl + jx are going! Deadline istoday:o
hey i am thinking of upgrading my pc. any good lobang anot?
Aiya stay out of it la. A few days later will die down
Haha typing ur poem le! Got abit ling gan le type finish then I koonzle u go sleep first!
Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
How is ur holiday? Must have eaten a lot rite... Let me noe e flight num or arrival time k, if not later i forget to fetch u all.
0k Bhai bt karna kya he
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
Yo yo so how for the bangkok trip?
yar IEEE  <#>  aur homeplug check karein..sirf wikipedia hi dekh lena
Hey madam,My name is KS.guess what K&S stands for..clue.i was your boss and i take care of my subordinates...uuii maaa....now i dont have any one below...i mean subordinates....so who am i?
I can't pass u the solidworks cos fat <#>  don't allow large filestransfer. Change to ntfs?
Me now at my grandma house. U leh? Wat u doing?
Haha no la mine are chinese haha:P yea let's go!
Okay.
Haha ya ya. Tmr remember to bring eh lol.
I didn't buy you a birthday present, I can pay off you want =P
ve got driving today? my driving at 240.
Mr lee is it possible for you to brief me earlier 2day?
Yuki wants you more
ELLO BABE U OK?
Ic. Then have u all decide on who to present?
Okay
A boy' eye is fastr dan Google in searching b'ful gal in a crowd bt A boy' heart is slowr thn govt bus while proposing a gal whom he luvs .Gn..
We at far east.. Im with ah boy and gang..
Plz call me
Heee k. Luv bblp much
wow. you also join the trend of mlm sia. i had listen to some too.But not interested in any yet.Can la lets meet any time.
Haha okay oh I'm appearing offline!
My supervisor find 4 me one lor i thk his students. I havent ask her yet. Tell u aft i ask her.
If my com can't boot in safe mode...means quite cui alr rite?..
Lets talk but not to canteen
EHH I DUNNO WHY I DIDN'T SEE THAT SMS. ABOUT  <#>  SGD? wanted to askyou come take your blazer!
I absolutely LOVE South Park! I only recently started watching the office.
<DECIMAL>  ba
s hp. I din rcv.
Is this your number or sister's
Its k d if u hve ny work go n do it i l cme on sme othr day
Ah that I am not sure.. I don't remember any comp having VS. Just buya monitor :-P
Bye bye ms American pie lalalalala
Yes,we get to everett at 6
Hey vituku valamla.
Lol ya.hahaha.
No im not. Is someone able to take the key and pass to me on monday'
<#> nitros about to be cashed in. Along with a few of the other drinks
Call me da.
s u alone, e rest is gp foto liao...
Ooo ehh but I haven't go woodlands yet!
I've my ways. U just attend can le. Haha. See i've any places to dineanot also. Will update u again.
m nt angry la...Dun worry abt it...haha, a kiss only ah, nt enuff leh... Gee...
Haha. Today quality quite goinf. I bao bao u even better
m so sorry , i recorded e wrong channel.. Dun b angry k. Did u ask ur fren to back up...
Gud mrng.Pls cme 4 practice 2da at 6pm.Thk u.Pls tl rajiv as a help 2 me. *FIFA World Cup Live on DTV. Get connected for Rs.9, <#> /-*
Oic... but you managed to pass all no da bao right?
And? If diff body part then ok. Nvm la eat more sleep more v fastrecover de. Hey can bring extra pants? I try find shirt for u
SIM:SOMEBODY BRING ME A STAR..
Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
Awesome, text me when you're restocked
It's ^^!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
There?
In library Wutup
Hi have you gotten better? Do u want a makeup lesson or we just carryon usual coming tue?
Glass house.
What u eat?
How humane! He has got her on his mind.
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Really? Julian not going?
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
In bus.
s da one i like... But nice a not...
Yeap
I ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but I'm sleepy
I see u tomorow.
Lols ok. Usually Tues 2pm Lik tt
Haha wake up soon and reach sch on time alrights!:P surprise raghav again!
Haha pink! I'm eating instant noodles and goreng pisang, so reallypig! Hmm? I dun understand the part about my parents! Haha yeaprobably! All the kurohito!
Ok no prob i'll just head there straight then
Got the recordings! They sound pretty great! Let me know when you'vegot  some details =D
I need to print transparencies again etc will take at least 1 full day
Aaj chal0ge?
Call
Unfortunately it's not good. But she is going to send me 2 numbers soon to ask them.
Hahaha I overslept!!! shall send now:P when does your exams end btw!
Emo. Left soh how and me
Okay^^ my bro forgot got tuition today._.
Oh ya. My mum dont encourage me to rent. Becausr she said that daywill be hard to find parking.
No idea. One step at a time first. Who are the people that are readyforthe comm.
Okay later I go online and buy the coupons.
Hahaha yeap so am I!
Haha. See what the rest say tml okay? What i say doesn't count.
Haha no lor I m like a total true nice guy la where got forget abt u.lol.ok ok u write then finish I read.haha.dun have some weird maths formula rite.hahaha.its a Saturday.yawn.feel like going back to slp.like add on a short nap.lol.
Haha is it paiseh I forgot! Oh err Singapore youth and society,that's the aq lah, something about cultural decline blah blah. Ohdarn): haha who do you teach!
R u malaysian?my num is 0165460953. Mm..
Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
Wat is the largest moniter recommended by the person at pc themesar?... <#>  inch issit?...
Yeah
nvm, they got underground city
Sorry... Tmr i have somethin on oredi...
U keep it in mind
Haha I fun think I can finish everything, I'll just finish what Ican! have fun! Bad reception means you should spend more time withyour friends and less with me! go go (:
Marine parade.
I thought you have  <#>  rings?
I slready did,, remembee?
Hi Andrew I'm at the cinnamon lobby. Chris :)
Lol no. Just planning ahead. We cook in your cluster right
I tink is the Japanese school de since the alight there.  Shiok now can go slp
Praise the lord! How are you doing? How did the discussion go on sunday?God Bless You.
Did he just say somebody is named tampa
So go home order a pizza, have a drink or 6 and you'll forget all about those customers.
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. <#>
Hi Andreu, invite anna also 4 convo. Also v can al take fotographs 2gether. May God bles u. Have a nice evening.Got sms frm mobital not 2 panic over false sms.
Okay! What time shall we meet?
Good morning, how shld i deal with all the timesheets? Do i give themto each of the DO so that they can bring them along to their assignedCC for next wk?
Ooo yay!!! Hahaha so fast graduating sia!
My phone
Eh.. I gg nus today.. u nv tell me u gg out.. where u all gg tmr?Want go jp eat the dessert? Haha
Nishanth
No worries, we're here.  Should we wait for you to go in?
Ledu y?
Lol thanks
10 minutes
study well
I'm at ur sis workplace. Haha!
Where are you? Wanna join us for lunch?
I was just watching the part where Uzura cries about Duck =(((((
m in nus sci...
Haha eating at umisushi now LOL. What you're at home?? No choir?
Lols morning same to you ~
Hmm.. I see if i can ask them.
will tmr be fine?  <DECIMAL> pm at central forum?
I attached to the email le mah. Haha did mr leong ask you to do this?
Benji looks like a teddy bear :')
moreover here is near my school. U no pray?
:o then you come over eat with us?
Do both for revision
Wow:o must be really big and nice! Paint pictures of food!!! :D
De de, mummy got cook porridge for lunch.. come back eat.
Hahaha.y go until tanjong pagar to eat?
Dear one more stop. :-)
cl3 siannnnn
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
I don't think so, but you guys may need to bring the quad back to school/back home
oooo. no wonder. he last minute.. haha. girl, rest early. u lookedreally tired
ll take forever to come back...
Hey we going out eat le
Can loh...i dun mind...wed 10 to 12 rite?
where are you?
Alriiiight
Yesterday its with me only . Now am going home.
m done. C ü there.
Okayyy
Come near me da
Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
Etin in west mall
ya started.. lol.. further door..
Id have to check but there's only like 1 bowls worth left
Okay.
Mine lol
No lah, i think i almost done. Just lying on my bed. U send ur mum to temple liao iszit?
That sounds nice ta x
Dun worry my dear boy. Hee. I was juz msging u. Hugs. I'll be safe.:-)
Whoa! Jyjy! Hahaha of course, you're a guy mah! It works like that!Hahaha korkor raghav!!! So cute XD gym was v random! This random guykept coming to talk to us girls when we were using the machines!Hahaha!
Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  <#> k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj
Vivekanand G Ne Kaha Tha Ki"1 Samajhdar Insan Se Ki Gyi Kch Minute Baat, Dhero Kitaabe Padhne SeKhi Behtar H"To Aaj Main Free Hu, Fyda utha Lo!...
Listn.. Talk wid ur fathr t0mrw n make thm realize tht its g0od to sel ur cel be4 its becme useles n its w0rth to sel in it  <#> .. Thn let ur fathr to buy new cel n take thr cel n use it til xams.. Aftr xams buy a gud m0ble phne
Yes by  <#> pm
So cute...Next time can i take a pic with your dog...Wats the name...
Ah!!! My bro is not responding. Hmm oh I shall ask ryan! You can talkto him right so not so weird!
Ohh and btw do you have my blazer??
Hmmm.... Take your time. I ll get it from you some time next month if its alright wif you.
AHH SORRY I FORGOT TO SMS HER!!
No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
orh! jUz bathe out :S i faster come out
Alright, just know I wanna be able to talk but I'm definitely gonnaneed some sleep tonight lol
Hi Andreu, u can take 5 for ur advance. May God bles u. Bye
Lols cook it. Eh this sj no hmwk?
Tts a lot to improve le. Crazy shitz. Okay  <#> kg it shall be
Lols yea?
Hah no im not odd. Im just fun-loving lol
I hope your alright babe? I worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? I am here waiting when you come back, my love
Wat time going? He wat time come back?
Okay. Like I said many times, pls give  <#>  days notice.
Anna Hope u would undrstnd my intention.There may b lot of erors,pls corect them nd convy my intentn clearly..
Lol
Ya bring all!
wah liao i dunno why you bother to include him in our group when no one likes him!! arghhhhhhhhh! you will be the death of me!
So so! I decided to go to the mall opposite expo instead, wow alot ofoutlet stores!!
IN A PARTY WITH OUT SPONSORSHIP FOR WARNER BROTHER
hey! happy cny! i don't know, that's why was asking u all in email.
Your friends! LOL so despo!! Ok I might download to watch in the carin new Zealand!
watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
Lols wat the
Aiyo wasted! Go by yourself! :D haha I thought you mentioned!! Thenwhere are you going?? Haha what!! Sorry lor:D
Uncls hws... Wid dixn...
Sorry kinda mixed up here =/
Haha so where are you now ~
ü upload shuhui bday photos already? I wan to ask cw to burn for me so i can develop next week.. Ü
Hmm ok ^^
Post!
Sunday u free? I jio u go jog at bedok reservoir
ll haf many more mths to come...
Good night my girl. I love u so very much. So blissful to have u bymy side!! Lots of loving hugs and dotes and sayangs!!
Ok
U horrible gal... U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
Eh why your messages all 2 words long man.
s play. At ps. Okay?
Yup.
We are heading for the interchange now, meet us there
Eek sorry.. medium?
hey.. rem to bring calculator n pencil+eraser juz in case.
Mr tan I didnt receive your email.
yeah i dun think i have anything else to write. u?
Okay sweet! I'm walking back to calarts
Game!
Haha they can use lau!(:
t believe i did this!!
U wait for helicopter to pass 1st?
Take something for pain. If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
Ahh sorry I just got your earlier sms! Ok coming!
Every night?! Literally hardcore siaz! Ya u right, non 1 star onlydat  <DECIMAL>  to 1pm. V short niaz
Nvr lols. Watched movie and slept and eat cake
I luv you so much...umahh.hh
Coffee cake, i guess...
Its imp
I tio food poisoning siaz. Dun watch movie le. How bout pool?
ger ah,ür australia trip til when har?
Fish soup from market. Back home?
Hmm I dont think so. Haha lynette knows them but I cant remember themthough. You know mengyong?
U join us la ... Anyway we r doing social activities ...
did you had your dinner?
heheheheheheh...
Be sure to clean up
Haughfujjugjjggjugj
Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
Big bang? Oo
Ello there
Poke poke!
We 3 at com1 entrance
Hmmm k:-)
hey yunny im out of hse.shd b there by 530pm.u get ready k.i wait for u at d bstop
Sorry, I'll call later
S..bt i m gng out..
Good morning. I hope you are doing well. Please let meet at the field service meeting instead. i have to attend to an urgent issue
So is that a no?
When are you free?
Tonight try ba. If can't then gotta injure its prey 1st den feed :/
No no coz you put 1, 2, 4, 5 hahaha no 3! (: xs then thanks!(:
AND RAYNOR
Strahan says outline
23rd? Yup...
There is a first time for everything :)
DayshowChargersClean ovenBring bag to commencementBlanketstuffed animalSell book!!!
Who r u?
Need to talk
Hey.. PS I'll be a bit late. Overslept. Now at batok
No i asked her and then i informed u all. Haha.
So wat drinks did ü all drink?
Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
Hee.. reached le. I wait on top k
Sent me ur email id soon
Free?? Lols wat time
They have a thread on the wishlist section of the forums where ppl post nitro requests. Start from the last page and collect from the bottom up.
Waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,Zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai Zindgi wo hai jo ham jeetey hai..........
What class of  <#>  reunion?
I'm in a meeting, call me later at
Yay. North point lle
Orh! Love my yeiyei too"!
I see I see. Eating alone at home?
Erm... can i take the job ar?
Tml got run?
Cos I overslept for today comp org de tut T.T.. wanna copy answer from u lol
No la chinese haha. Eaten?
Bhai meri diary hogi Mohit ki seat pe. Apne pas rakh lena.
Haha i just picked it for you, so you can do your shopping tmr!
god bless you
Siiiiigh
Watching vampire diaries :))
Haha maybe he also tot is next Fri... haha must er ren shi jie moreor else work le not as free le mah... math lo headache... just finishqn 1 but dunno correct or not... Orh no wonder lol jia you le
t worry,
I tink can. We so zai
U got iphone leh. So it was the alumni house?
I forget i still need ur ic number to apply the passport...can msg meur ic number?...
Yah loh... And im still thinking of who to ask out....  Ok, hope you have a lovely day ahead. Good nite!
/\"'"""""""'\ | |,;*"G"*,,| /\"""""""""\ | |,;*"o"*;,| /\"""""""""\ | |,;*"o"*;,| /\"""""""""\ | |,;*"D"*;,| ,;*"*;,,;*"*;,,;* NIGHT SWEET DREAMS.......
Hi in jeff here.care to intro pls...
Dear tranferred  <#>  le. Muacks
Mr lee when do I show u my work
Exit the door...
meet at the bus stop
K glad t u r back. My new year ok lor. As usual, go grandmas house lor. Today never go pa tuo?
Nt yet. Later.
crazy response! all hv been sold out. but bk outside campus might hv, u can try at suntec
Wat r u doing? I bought e ticket online already. So u meet xyan first, no need to wait for me for dinner k.
hello
Lol why would it be scary? Haha a hunk as boyfriend leh.
Would cupcakes help
Yup will do.
Just had lunch at mac donalds... ?
Yes
Sree now
I'm done. Are you at biz?
Hey my email is whackers33@hotmail.com. Haha, know this reply is darn late, forgot all abt it till now. Oh anyway ü wanna catch a show this afternoon say 3 plus
Kk
It's ok. I thought you were unwell. :) it's alright.
Hey... There are 2 options... 1st. Sat we go for jazz pilates and yogasana or nb from 1130 to 4/5pm at bugis. Sunday we go for free abt, NB hip hop and yoga
K.
I also sick le! Food poisoning laosai 4 times vomitted twice. Butgoing there eat porridge. Come la
Yay (:!
Genius is a person who can do anything in one day what any fool can do in  <#>  days. Just like we complete syllabus in a day and lecturer takes a complete year.
No problem da:)
O needa read tat
Aww. Haha I dont mind more presents.
Ok done. Let me know if you didn't receive it. Have a good evening!
m in bangkok now, gee, holidayin.Gettin fat lately... U leh, u goin 4 any orientation?
m better :)
I'm boredddd waiting for my turn at chapter 2..
Hhahaha im not sure eh. Lol but I pick you up first eh.
Ehh what time can you open for me to take quad out? Doesn't need to be before flagraising
Take call
No message..no responce..what happend?
Wa next hour?
Hey u free at 4?
Emooooooo. Hmm sentosa ur 2nd home?
Ryan can!
A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
Haha yes yes. Are you feeling okay?
Now would be good lol. Please tell lucy I forgot to ask you to godown at  <#> am. Haha and wear smart casual eh.
Wa then quickly sleep le night!
U working?
now trying to flood your sms inbox? hiak hiak hiak? you ben shi de hua? tonite flood my voice mail la! bu shuo le, now start doing else no much time left.
Yea tink so
Bhai aaj trnsfr kar d0ge kya
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
It's behind national library. Bain street. Haha. I wait for u nearjack's place ya.
Hey yammy. It'll be gd if u can send your suggestion thru email sothat they can know before e meeting. Like tt more efficient. Haha.Sorry for e multiple sms.
Room # <#>
Name?
I might be going... U?
Abhi busy hun.
Ok i reach liao...
S AL!!!!!!!!!
Kahan hai mad.., r枚om to aa
I've replied.
Da place where ü drink coffee lar... Dun haf neva mind...
Ok
Alright love
Laopo u eat already?
Okay
Call lift up..
Haha it's really alot of ppl! Hug (:
Tell
Ok... Ur typical reply...
Okay!
Can call or sms me about half an hour before you each school? Thanks
Lol im satisfied enough le :-D
Hehe! Oh math in ten minutes! It's alright so far!!
I duuno where's that actually. 2nd floor?
Haha we all overnighting leh.
S:)we want one good opener now
K
Yeah alot of $! Eh, I search the whole luggage can't find any smallwhite plastic bag:/ I bought sweets & some stuff for my friends, shldI get a zhao cai mao? Dun have the pw, tchrs also dunno): tmr I'll askmy buddy lend me! my friend spent abt 8k today o.o super crazy!! Sorrylate reply, in another rm!
t really care.I dun hav communication probs.See i got along w u quite well wat Right?U think so?
Inka akkade unara
Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
I love you too :)
Oh oh. Anyway I need you to help me sign a form for my camp eh. Imteaming you up with leeping.
Hi ranger how r ü
En.wikipedia.org/wiki/WTD
My dad said dinner will b ready at 6... So c wat time u wan 2 come over lor...
I meant bounces. Haha.
Alright cool.. kinda weird
Sure... it's breakfast but can still help... or I end sch at 1 ifyou're free then
But u got sister mah.
how r u?
Good night I love you v babe
Nope! Are you?
Not yet. where to buy
I not sure u ask shuhui. E thing starts at 8 then ard 45mins. Mayb u come ard 8.30-9
s not much cheaper there lor... Mayb a few dollars only...
Tamildirtystories.com indianpornvideos.com
I'm on the way back,  <#>  at bukit batok
Bt i smels smthng wrng..
Noooooooo
aye i think we go tp eat lar... Cheaper
Eh we outside hall 5
READ THE OTHER AND
Haha. Okay. I'm fine with anything lah.
Basically is find companies lah. Haha. Wk 2 must have a list leh.
I mean the guard will look at your actions closely.
Did you bring my stuff?
reach le..
It's not that you make me cry. It's just that when all our stuff happens on top of everything else, it pushes me over the edge. You don't underdtand how often i cry over my sorry, sorry life.
Good idea yo
So you only got math?
Ok i come fetch u now
Tell me when you start ordering
Yup. Cya
You'd like that wouldn't you? Jerk!
you're becoming so lean..eat properly:)
How is your health hope everything is allright! will try to meet you soon:-(
Haha i will be prob going home next sat lah
I owe u a rapping session
I need to have my stats notes back. When r u free to mit up?
Hahaha cally said monday mah.
Andreu,good morning. Ok cal later. May God bles u
Bye bye >< see you tmr!!! Sleep early!
Dunno they all i msg them they havent reply... If Ü going somewhere wif xinyi then neva mind...
They were waiting for hongwee or something.
Fetch.
Sigh,what can I do for you?
Tt one is early de. Okay 2moro meet at simei 9
Change of plans.. Come back and eat..
I now at home le.
I guess you could be as good an excuse as any, lol.
No wrong, eating dinner at fabian house.
Yeah maybe I ll do that
So u going huh
s she now?
Hee. Was thinking of you just now..dear out le ma?
Haha also can eh. :-D
Hey amy n li juan, i've suggested to meet 8am before class tml in theemail. Just to inform u all.
No. But got one box I think my sis or her bf bought.. u bought?
I'm all done now. I miss you so much!
Yay thx.Phew finally its done lol.
or koi naya GUL khilaya ha
Well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
hans and leo, we r gettin the tix fr adrian at nanyan audit tmr 5.30pm. liwei cannot come. btw how to go to nanyang audit?
Haha. Omg where're u now? Can walk over from com2 leh. Just follow the signs.
Got on mrt oledi?
Thks. Ur face  <#> % completed
WHAT WOW SO SMART CHESTER!!!!!!7!!!!!!!!!!
Shat. I arrived too early again.
Ok sweetie. Reached admiralty le
Hey xin ah... Wat time will u b joinin e camp?
Aiyar hard 2 type. U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
Lol thanksssss I will be there on my own
Yup. Wun believe wat? U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
Ok xiexie!! (:
Lol u off today?
morning deaeie u manage to. Go science centre hir.kissws u
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Isn't it Everest?
hope ü guys sms or cal me. My num is 93517902 :)
Yaya. Haha.
Omg my roommate has constant loud sex and is the kind of person whosounds awful
Probably i'll look at the apm code and try to fit ultrasonics in
Ayesha tila is in computer science department 1st floor
Hmmm... Can only make it from evenin onwards....
Yep i did. Have u bidded for CS3254?
Hot sweet
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Where is your saree photos
That sucks. I'll go over so u can do my hair. You'll do it free right?
Haha but I should really do it by myself right:/ haha but if youdon't go choir on sundays then what will you do? Haha but that waslike p3&4! Haha quick eat eat, now so late already!! Haha yeap! (: (:sadly none of the teachers replied me about booking the room leh!
Orh.. U nv spell short cut ar.. Hehe. Then thanks...
Dun care em la. Jus continue playing ur way
McBride fell <#> stories, hitting the pavement like a Hefty Bag filled with vegetable soup.
Hello! Hw r u doing?
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
We meet serangoon garden. U msg me when u on ur way.
maine bari khoffnak cheezein dekhi han..nai daro ga
Okay read up about the stuff and I probably need you to help mecollate the members that are going for camp.
either way works for me. I am  <#>  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you.
Hi Andreu, try n visit Manohaian sir. After u both visit him i can talk 2 him about baba. People like them may kno educated youngsters. V'l try n God may take us 2 the proper person. May God bles u. Bye
Cycling tonight?
s present later or give her on her real bdae...
Yea thanks Mr lee. I thinkin is rather relevant by far, with theworks I had done. I will consider it. Thanks a lot
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
wei... u angry ah?
Hmmm ok I suggest we can ask them to give us a phone interview or weemail them the question and ask them to answer thru email? Then wejust proceed with doing the slides for our part first
Btw, her class ends at 3pm but she'll be eating. So u don't have to rush.
Hahaha siao!! Start so early :P by the time AP come I alr forget whatI revised! whatttt 2 exams I hate you!! I got 6 ._. Haha of all placesStarbucks?? Enjoy free wifi is it XD
For Joel and me, sohjie and yuanhan can't go tommorrow. Can?
Cdoin bro
Yeeeahhh haha
Wr r u?
Hey do you want anything to buy:)
Under lt3
hey, will we meet tomorrow?
Lol ok walking over to college
s my first choice... Dunno y i chose tt oso...
Haha you never know ;-)
Yup taken.
Lol but I dun understand wat is it trying to ask us in the firstplace.... where is the s4 sia?
Yeap ok! Apply soon! I also need to apply for ssef! Haha goodnightryan (: yeah my bro still awake._. He sleep damn late recently sia.Sleeping soon?
Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call
You'd be the only one who would care D: no homo
Hey yammy, okay no prob. Check your emails ya, maybe we can come outwith other feasible ideas. I've thought of one but have to seek all ofyour opinions. Haha.
Hull.
Hey wish u a great year too. The performance was cancelled at the last minute after we show it to ryan. :(
m at the library already... Later when you going down you msg me k ...
Haha enough to play 1 round mah
Help me collect e clothes, goin to rain....
No no no need everyone haha
U njoy ur gm.i wnt iritate u ny mr
Congrats,My Aircel, Aircel MMS, Aircel - GPRS & Pocket-Internet settings will be submited to your handset shortly.Save them as default settings.PleasPocket-Internet, My Aircel, Aircel MMS & Aircel - GPRS settings have been submited to you. Visit  <URL>
a bowl of PRAYERS... all non-fattening! GD AFTERNOON! ?
Lol. I didn't even bother
Mmmmmm... mak!  Give u big big kiss. Hee! Tmr I poke u more.
Owner agree, pls prepare deposit $ <#> , stamp fee $ <#> , comm $ <DECIMAL>  tonight meet 8pm. Lis
U can walk ard first den come to my house lor.
Lols celebrated last week. Eh when u free wanna meet up?
have u eaten ?
Hahaha
Eh what time to assemble tmr?
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
the fone has been disassembled.. why dun u try again later?
Yup!
U still can find her now Oo
Ah ok.wil cm early
Anyway what are you doing now:P ws just left!
Haha 不顺路. One left and one right.
Orh!!!! Dum dum ulcer  .dum dum  <#> .
Caw
Hey dnt forget to bring shewta dbms record...dnt forget
Hols I wanna train, learn volleyball. Rem last time we say wannalearn windmill?
Haha ya ya you wanna join me? I want to take picture with elmo.
Hehe... So how are you spending your sunday?
Ew are you one of them?
Come home before 6PM if possible
Huh so early.. Then ü having dinner outside izzit?
Wtf dude!
I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
So i'm doing a list of buyers.
I going earlier. Scared later miss soh SIS climb
Lol I believed you when you said you will wake up lor. If not I so boliao go wake up sleeping paper tiger for what. :s
Yup
Eh Yao siew nv say earlier!?
Yeh.but make it on sat k.can?
I tink another  <#> mins lik tt
Neh not.
No calc 2moro ar
Can u tell me the exact steps to replicate the error coz I can't getthe bug:-)
uhm, i am having problem with the project. are you coming soon?
Always be smile
A/c No:鈥?? <#>
La Val's btw haha
hee. baobei laogong i feel so sayanged. tell me more stories nexttime! i still think my lg very cool.
Ohh how come?
Coz i miss u..
hey, you free now?
Ahhh lynette says she wont be able to make it, so 3.
I see I see. But you gotta pick the nice shows like those I watch :))
Probably  <#>  mins or so... depends on bus' mood haha.
-SEEK, SET SET SET, GAMES, SING, ? ?
Msg me 92857690 mike
Haha also yummy arh... yes spaghetti! Wahahaha.... Nomnomnom! Ya Lobut still sleepy! Must be chuan ran by u... haizzzzzz... let me guessis it a short!
happy birthday
Help me order same food as u
Nu velthunava
Noodles?
Dont attend any calls from  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#>  these numbers come in red colors. U may get brain hamrage due to high frequency.  <#>  persons died just recieving the call. Watch dd news to confirm. Please inform all your friends and relatives soon - its urgent. Thistwas sent by baba just now Mummy
Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out
Bring home some Wendy =D
Going sentosa
This is chem major now! Hons is prac haha!
Hi. I wear normal clothes hor. Nothing fancy.
Ya watching
Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
That one too late le eh. End of this week can?
Hi jin, the venue is at tr 5 right?
Yes. Eric said he ll give check on Thursday
Ok
Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
reaching home le. juz ouy frm lify
Just ate some apples. Watching TV now.. u?
IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?
Go n hav.. Obey 1st
Then whats your answer for the 1st qn?
No da
Ya i am going
Thanks pa.
A Poor man Catches a Fish.鈥〣t Wife cant Cook. Since,鈥㎞o Current, No Gas鈥㎞o Oil (due to high price)鈥㎝an puts D Fish Back in River...鈥〧ish Comes Up & Say鈥??
Does cycloalkane undergo free radical substitution
Alright I will, I love you
He bin*
Oh ya. Mayb timothy can take care wad
Pasir ris I think.
god bless you
Piggy... this week supposed to b my recess week. When u free this week?
Nope the dog is different! This one from the house to the right ofthe lift, the one I usually play with is a Maltese, from the houseopposite mine! Haha yeap! But my parents aren't home yet! Haha got twonew orange luggages, v cute!
Haha. See u at the lab then. I most likely will b late
Emo max. Dun dare tell my dad.
Apply eox <#>
Ooo haha okay (: (:
Ooo... Ok. My name card is printed..ooo. I need confirm is pirelajewellery. Not pirale
I'll change the listing of products via categories page to look likeyour search results page so u can disregard that part. Thanks.
what are you doing?
let me know when the next practice is....
Sohji eating in sch?
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
LOL HAHA CHANGE NOW? I AM GOING TO SLEEP UNTIL 4
Don know still in AMK need to go Ubi collect Acc
Lols dint manage :(
Call lift up
Please call
His drawing, the prep work. Now not the time to help him its reallyhis own fault. He prolly played the day away ytd and only startedbefore I came back. Haha yeah his exam start  <#>  or sth I'm not verysure! omg it affects did you type wrongly? But all his results omg hemay not be able to choose what he wants to study!
Where r u now? I haven reach oso...
Okie gonna be 15 mins late..hee N raining now noe.. Will east coast be raining too?
When someone tells me,"You are not what I need.."I Say, "Of course not!! Bcoz I'm more thn wht u were looking for.."Have a gud day!!!
Hi Ing Cheong, how about coming to our house after 7pm today? Wouldthat work for you?
ok. after dinner, now drinking
Bt karo nimmi se.
Tmd yesterday call u no reply. I dulan le =p
Achha...
Bro atleast telme if p0sible
ok! see you then
Yup, we're watching rw reaction vids =P
Lor doesnt mean it's obvious..!
Your gonna be the death if me. I'm gonna leave a note that says its all robs fault. Avenge me.
Ya...a few pieces of paper...if i nv rmb wrongly, there shld be a logcheck with juwita coming up soon...
Near yo work
Make it next week then..
Ok.  I will leave ard  <TIME>
We might have to go to Mayra's parents' spot when we get here, alsothe better probably takes money now.. I don't think we can get thetruck to the back
Afternoon  can?
Woman working for Sherrie I hear is chairman sister
Hahaha the kid so cute I want to share seat with him!!!
Ourspace 7pm
Hime le honey
cannot remember
Where are you come to class bench
Hey, i thurs night got something to attend to leh.
Pani ki b0tle brke ana bhai plz
Haha she buy one not I ask de... haha lo next time go buy together!Ok yes mdm at most I late u all go in first lol... haha ya lo so poorthing no sleep
Bhai vit ki last date kya he?
Enjoy the hols
The crowd gathered around the Inclusive Health Consultation room and their i lost my wallet..:(
Baat nai karni kya
House owner no  <#> ,my friend nandhu no  <#> ...
Hey thanks.. same to you! :-)
I fed it once.
Monday,tuesday? So are you coming for the monday thing?
Ya... I juz got to noe... Met my frens juz now... Too bad, din go 4 e camp... Juz so happen tt everyone asked me out today la..
the best friend is when he help from accident
Okay!
Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
Love you, honey.
Doc convinced me to get my pupils dilated tho
Thanks! Will return you after camp
In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade
Haha apparently o.o I dun know why he does though! And it's sick!Yucks! Haha just now when I was walking to chinese it wasn't, now itstarted again!
Haha should be next saturday le.
No need ba... Hmmm Mon do relax stuff le
I just finish bathing myself. U do it alone to bathe ur dog?
Cannot go meh?
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
Fine ra and u
Belatd annivrsry wishs bhayya.. lets spk frm there.. c u in aftrnun..
Nvm. maybe next time then!
Shadi ki pehle raat pati apne patni ki choot me ek ungli dalta h.. Patni: shrmate hue.. Ek ungli aur dalo na. ati: kyu tune seeti bajani hai.
I am on the way to ur home
SLAP!!!!!! There's no part of you being productive if you're watchingme study! Haha you didn't know? Ooo hahaha I used to play it alot whenmy internet was slow haha! Oh and Steve jobs passed away o.o
Okay (: take mrt to Chinatown!
Accound her..
Lols the desert episode? Ya his jumps and leaps v nice too
Hahahahahaha good lo, maybe I can ask lynette also.
The candles cannot burn without the light..The moon cannot shine without the night, then how can I sleep wishingyou good night?Good night and sweet dreams.
Yeap! (:
Haha yeah going out in like  <#>  mins! Guess can do a little bit ofwork plus bathe:P this morning was hot D: haha go more then get usedto it bah XD go sleep! Why are you not sleeping now anyway!
The new biz building if i'm not wrong.
Icic .. see u later. Still on bus
Thik hai.
No i left already
Haha nice! I'm helping abbie vacuum pack her choir costumes nowhahaha! Yeah they super smart!! Chem o test haha!
Haha nope bah. Heh you all downstairs?
Caw
We are on the bus
No de. What doing.
Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  <#>  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  <#> % true.. Don't neglet.
Sorry the price I told u is for  <#>  pieces. The price for  <#>  isabout $ <#> .
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
the photos u can email me. can help with the text. the price  <#>   can?
In the auto?
I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
No probs janu :-).
Good idea! Den foosball. Eat sakura?
Lol yummmm
Are you wet right now?
I'll see if I can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg
No swimming trunks leh.
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Hey guys, 5pm, paya lebar mrt station, buy stuffs for the reunion breakfast.. So this is how our plan works.. We will stay overnight at lyvia hse tonite, then cook(diy) at morning for the reunion breakfast.. Tonite, we can chit chat at lyvia hse or hang out together to somewhr else, maybe for nice nice food.. For moshi and chun ann, sms us when u guys r ready, we will see how to meet u guys, for the mr super duper mias-jeksen and bek har muar, reply ASAP!
No worried bro
Super busy...
Oh, they were juz commenting on its popularity. Hey, your dog looks real cute.
Ohh nvm do you mind if Chester and ryan comes? I think Chester can make it o.o
Can can? Hee
<name>, can we change to next sunday? i am a quite busy tthis week.sorry about it.
i call u tmr.. when is the deadline to go to ite HQ?
Okay (: more convenient if lakeside if not have to keep stoppinghaha! Haha okay!
Haha hao ah! Let me know again eh. :D
Ohh yeah chalet. Risky time to raise it up.
t get into chem engine èn gtg lo.poor shannon.hai.
Yes.
Hmmm... I thk can...
Ok .thnx
Aiyooooo. I love you tooo. That's all that matters!
e blender nd c hw much.. nt sure too.. tts weird, ill c wat i can do
Haha... I also think so... I keep some of e leafs for u...
U still wan me 2 reg e gown 4 u? But need ur add, IC n matric. Then e 3 measurement.
U reaching?
Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
topic  <DECIMAL>
Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
Still i have not checked it da. . .
Ya..
Want to go tmr? :D
If nothing goes wrong, should be there at about 2pm.
Hmmm... I dunno leh... Ur fst got no lab 4 ur to use ah...
Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
I agree for the most part
And you're unbiased in saying that your fren is unbiased? Lol yeahlor some girls are so stubborn
Here itz alrit..
Left woodlands
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
I free till 5pm actually. But I need to do lab report.
Wat the. I will nort run for sports day lols
Is Thursday?
Yeah dont worry. Whachudoin?
Ya
Yea
Oh noooo! Why?
I am free!
No I mean I like both piano and guitar dude!!!!! he didn't sayanything! But he didn't sound disapproving or anything! Haha ooo dunwant eat ah! Haha dun have la just my dad like to kajiao!
I see a problem with believing in things counter to evidence we have,but not things without evidence
Alright! Seeya
m not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
I add mine alr...shld be in the sources liao...ask winston to add..henoes how...
would you by any chance be coming back to sch?
Mazda 2
Its a cool name! Goodnight!
Enjoy yourself :)
I've created twitter le =)
Yea thks! Will find a date to meet ya soon eh
Erm weekends only sat free lo
It is like a dream cane true,I just met Justin Beiber.
leaving in 5
Sensitive
Yo we're gonna go to the laundromat on our way.. do you wanna come? Ican tell you when we're near and I swear you don't have to help
Oh? I thought your modem is connected to your pc?
u wherre le
Haha
Haha jia you le! Tml so many tut sob sob sob...4 is halfway there lehaha... so sat it shall be! Nomnomnom
Hey... How come u rent out ur hse again ah...
Mei you jiao wo. Never call me.
Cannot find la... Hair clip no nd to buy here wat... Wat hair clip she wans...
don't bother
r u comfortable with me
Yeap she did! No omg no please don't consider that LOL. I dun thinkits right for Joel to Tioman and Xi'an as their honeymoon haha itsjust damn ridiculous! Yeah I think ok la haha only the part where mystomach pain then uhh haha I think that's where Mako got curious haha!Yeap shiok! (:
His rabbits are so cute! Not really ah, its like 3 room!
Just the way you asked if we were staying for a brew n Phil was upstairs xx r u sure ur ok xx
Where's the place
Lols okay clementi then, sohjie probably not going. Who else going. I 1 end e
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever....
Of course. Eh what do you mean by eight? Isn't it before midnight?
Yes andrey nly jesus doern't change.he remains as d same.il tlk 2 u slowly.u stdy wl k.2dy hv 2 finish 6th chaptr k.t.c.g.b
Sorry I an frustrated now because of her and my wireless network notdetecting!!!! Zzz!!!!!
Eh dont have eh.
Hey... So hows ür postin? I got into ntu com eng...
U want to play wif me today ah?
Hey now am free you can call me.
Yeap lol I reach home also play game lol... so sad cannot do my tutfirst haizzzzzz
驴 I wish I would there to hold u tight, instead of saying this loving good night. - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Morning only i can ok.
Where are you ?
Hey leon you called me just now?
No visits no calls.. no sms's no letters no missed calls.. I'm worried kya hua zoo waalon ne dobara pakad liya kya?
New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
Just now?
Wer r u ?
My lesson end @ 4pm. Hehe
Hahaha what then if you become a girl who will you like!? Haha whatthe!! Ooo haha okay oh yeah remind me to send you!(: haha okay>< hmm Iprobably won't reach home late! Change plan le, not going to booktoday! Haha (: but I'm already out so probably reach home ard 5+!
Can eat the bread?
Watch it dammit! Also, just realised, Gabby being from so long ago iskinda important after all
Haha sorry they are using my com to watch videos haha x.x
Stil in bed wat abt u?
I got arp le
Gutters opposit gnv
Lol call the person or smth
Learn yourself la. Nxt time go play le! Waa izzit the hostel ting
morning;-) i got home very early. thank u 2 4 d great dinner. hahah, quite different experience, i enjoy a lot
Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
haha.. ok.
Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
Ya lo. Anyhow do shit pieces to submit le. Do wad for math rev ar
huh?
At where ah?
Then her friend joining us to eat ar?
Like a daughter!
Next friday :-D
assignment ja
Haha..Cause supervisor go oversea lo.Then no one look after me lo..Hehe.But i still got find thing do lo.
Hahaha change ah! meeting meeting meeting ~
They'l cm aftr 6
Lol.. Linear algebra.. Sian.. Lol..
Wishing you a wonderful week.
U wan play cod?
Piggy!!!!
Hahaha okayyy then all buy same one ah XD
we r having class.. will only finish at  <#> .. sorry abt this.. want to have lunch at  <#> ?
Did you reach home
take care
Where's cuppage?
Oh okay. I wake him up later.
Ok! So shld I go back?
Whoa one of the shrimps we bought have fertilized eggs?
Who r u?
Eman izzit. I rem him throwing stuffs at me together izzit
Ahh until what time?
Haha yeah and jj. Just meeting only.
Koi bt nhi. Mjhe bhi thoda time lagega.
Yeah lo. Gotta buy a portable umbrella for these freak rain.
darling bblg go slp le nights ! Miss u alr.
hi jatin pls meet me at churchgate stn
Ok no prob
MISS YOU DEAR.
Yeah!.. and govt or companies disseminating info to people, bills andreceipts, and inter-company and global communication
Btw, the job i mentioned just now is work with me lah. This comingwkend at tampines mall. See if u can make it. Haha. But your interviewon fri is at 4 right?
Yeap!! As in, they're not together yet!! Haha but yeah obvious much le:D
Tmr night? Cannot lah... You go and have fun...
Er how about now
Ehhh... okay...
Ah ok
Pls soh how! Pls pls pls pls salmon set
can u gimme an example?
And of course you should make a stink!
Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
Lol jerk
same time 2pm?
HAPPY NEW YEAR apko bhi ji...!!!
Hapy diwali bhai
ROYAL LAND & DEVELOPERS PVT. LTD, BANK-THE KARUR VYSYA BANK ,BRANCH- CHENNAI MAIN, A/C NO-  <#>   <#>   <#>  IFC CODE KVBL <#>
But still quite ex rite? u still got money meh...
Haha. Who ask u start so late.
Hahas thks too for being in charge
Sorry sorry..  <DECIMAL> pm ok
ab kya karo
Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
Morning yei yei! Today i naughty go sch late. Hee
Vendors use cap to limit their liability. But the damages and risksare increasing and it's hard to agree on a cap. The issue is bothparties cannot agree on a cap.
where are you now?
m just very lazy.. But still got to eat..
Walking to wcplaza
Angle y ü no reply mi i m iceman
Hey never mind. Anytime is good. Just drop me a message and i wil log in. Its good to discuss man so no need to be so formal
Oh.. Haha. Okay.
Ok...
Lol, no worries lah, can meet u at the gym or smthing oso.won't be at the gym this weekend coz of a course, so catch up wif u nxt wk =)
Ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
Currently got me and jason.
Ya...winston ask his bro to edit....ok thanx...when ur fren reply uthen let us noe again lor...
ok gd..i m consolidating more responses..get back to u once all responds
Then any special there?
Rush hour 3 which I just watched. Wat time coming
No problem :)
Okay (:
Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
Ok
Happiness to me is.. to have my baobao!! Hee. Xoxo
Hey gals... Meet at 615 orchard mrt k... N ur wana watch johnny english anot...
Tinara mari nu
But they ARE supposed to stop.developing!!
well, i dont have money now dear, my salary is just fix for my  <#>  days survival.. hope yah understand it..(((((
Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
Lemme know when you're here
Mai full day ki training me hu. Evng me bt krte hai.
Reaching now
LOL I still trusted him ytd
Sorry bro i cant join u guys cos i got classes.. Next time okie
Hahaha alright. Enjoy!
Ten min da
Hi Esther, sorry but we have already enlisted several firms help withthe reno. Thanks for your interest.
:P  <#>  mins past eryi! How are you today!
Okay!
So wat time going Oo
You got any lessons after Friday lectures?
By tonight possible?
Yo Andrew! tmr blazer loaning right, who should I get the keys fromin the morning?
Life style garments account no please.
Haha yeah called her. She said she needs to stay at home until 3 towait for pearlyn then she join us.
Btw ryan says he can make it, he'll go if you go!
My internet is screwed up, should be the earthquake + PacNet.
I not sure wat time end. Can fetch me?
...you might not have another opportunity to sufficiently hurtEverett before Noam's death though
Can we meet today
So gaya
go skating today?
s flat...
Ü wan to cycle...
Repairing 1 of the heel rest. 3 layers cf, vacuum pump.
My friends don't believe I ever didn't curse. Those cunts
Sure, whenever you show the fuck up >:(
Lol I think now can liao.
Bet ü had lots of fun though... Is the camp organised by your cca?
Sailin and playin games lor...
Okie...
I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
Yea i was but didnt see u anyway just email it to me
Yea. For the  <DECIMAL>  in one.  For whatever reason I cant get the<DECIMAL> in to work at usb3. Buffalo internally also write buffalo,so I dunno which manufacturer.
m gona b late leh... Sorry...
What happen to her tell the truth
sure.
Hey lucy, my friend says give him time to consider aand he will getback to me on monday.
goodnyt
Hey, I just checked and realized I can't meet you next sat. It's my dad's bdae.
Supper?
hello evrbody.
m at ayer rajah camp now, near sa there
K.then any other special?
sayang my boy. u got drink water or not?:-*
I tink my mum on leave. She wan me go out with her ....
Up to ü... Ü wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
Set!
Ok I'm walking to mrt
Yea if u haven eaten I guess. I tink yuanwei coming :)
Good evening:)
And i hv only told u abt poker face! Alot more
wat is ur name? do u luking  frends? pls contact me.
Pani band hua?
Ohh i'm bringing, tay also, its okay unless you wanna bring!
I keep seeing weird shit and bein all "woah" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all "oh"
shld be ok..wat we discussing on?
Post!
Lol you sounded horny.
I.ll come see you
Yeah):
Slap
Out of hse le bblp
Everyonev is CRAZZEY excempt me!!!
Dafa kar! It's nly 1ep. . But ~ <#>  mins
Hey free tonight for online chatting session at 11pm
Happy journey
Zzz so sneaky one nv even say hi!
Okay okay. Thanks. What if both are bad? Haha. Kidding lah.
I found it at bugis... Ü are rite...
Oh okay! I find I aft tt?
Yo, you up yet?
Thanks love.. I think I left my wallet at home. If not, it's fucking gone
hi
Rmb passport.
Hi Shawn, please let me know their approximate arrival time so I canask the students to come down.  Thanks!
Ok
SORRY HAHA. MY MUGGING DAMN FAIL ANYWAY
m going lib to mug
Can i have my icq no.?
Ahh who didnt reply you? Maybe I can try to call them
Hey girl! I cool man how you? We have church tmr btw??
Shaohao sohjie edwin me and 3 other ppl
Urine sample box
No chikku..
But today is sunday lei...Y not tmr?
No eh the cert is needed for photocopy.
If al Indians start studying, al get gud marks. bt jobs r limited more unemployment, more youth suicides, more crime. SAVE INDIA stop studying??? Gush 9t.
We're 2 stops away!
<#>  he brot,alex asked if he need to come
Ooo yeap that's my last msg! Huh you mean the whole thing?? Write more!!!
Wen dun come!! I didn't go for training):
Haha me always sianz abit la i chose architecture
Primary sch fren. 1 guy only. 2 ppl go own ubin le
s that wombat. So long still not back
Gauti and yousuf pathan for kkr.
Please send me the wr parts asap. Thank you.
laogong might be quite late. maybe 4pm? tell u when meeting ends.
He Bob's multi plug with u?
Haha what the why haven't look at it!! Haha okay!(: yeah even I won'tchoose to do phys x.x
Hornstein said at least  <#>  times hahah
Nop. Only Friday den nid go back!
sis whr r u?
Coming
In room?
Hrrm strange nvm board capability there anyway. I'm planning to start day at  <#> h tmr just poke me
Whoa so many ah. No green shrimps ahh
Ya are you able to come for the camp?
Omg discrete math assignment 2 due next Monday -.-
Lol nope.
Hi andrew i'm janice these R pieces needed.please dont text this no.thanks.Tc. God bless u.btw superb introduction. TRUMPET VOLUNTARY BRIDAL MARCH WEDDING MARCH
aja ghar per
Orhz... If u change yr mind call me... Me going... Heheh...
..!..
Lol the bus driver drive how scary oso got nth to do with u if ur standing on the train.hahaha.
Ahh where? I'm waiting for the shuttle dude lol
Kk!
Btw, I thought chung said he cld go? Did u msg him?
Yun ar remember to save ur outgoing messages oso...
XD I guess xD
Ok by when
Mr lee I will be going to the art room at  <#>  today
Wah so far. dunno how ey pay.
And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
So you have to take good care yourself rite. go back remember to apply after sun lotion ok? bye
Was it something u ate?
Haha its fine! I prefer sitting away from the window! Previously Ialways have to watch them talk, very difficult to concentrate! Wowhaha stay so near ah hahaha cool! Omg ): I've never been in an airconclassroom! No la haha we just pull out try try er yi! Hahaha but socool! You won't be in my class though hahaha! Okay :P pass pichu toyou later! And uhh just asking, do you dare to eat those biscuits yougot LOL.
Lol super lazy.hahaha.u shd go exercise urself at home or park.lol.
Yepyep got them from Istanbul

Btw may i know who you are, because my phone got pranked and you are now Draco Malfoy
m not workin anymore...
S.i'm watching it in live..
emaths, amaths, physics and chemistry. Yup its  <#>  per hr.
d be truthful with me next time
Dear waiting for bus to come from roundabout. :-P
I am late. I will be there at
How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
Haha he's clever. Maybe I should learn to be ignorant about thesestuff too. Haha
You can go down now anot, dont ask so much please.
ok....still waiting for an ans.......
I not sure. Ask em?
I missed you very much.
My mum say dun want me go work at hotel again, say work before,rather me find other jobs ._.
Reachin yew tee le
Haha yeah! I think I can call it my lunch! :P
Where are you now
LOL its to scam ppl!!! Hahahaha so funny we scammed a senior! Heasked abt Chester then I kept saying maybe until later I was like,"fine, its complicated, I don't want to talk abt it" hahahaha!
Sorry, I'll call later
s double o.my og goin.but i not close to em.i wana ask fion along lei-if ü on.
ll b at terminal 2...
Paiseh monday or tues can? Wed i drivin, thurs need to pack, flying fri morn...
Hey you have Lawrence the house agents number?
Eman izzit. I rem him throwing stuffs at me together izzit
s still a long queue... Sianz... I might not b able to meet ur...
Haha..
Pls download "Viber" application for free calls and msgng. It's awesome.
Hahaha can!
jesslyn from sajc mentorg.
U all outside ah? If wan dye must book now also is it? Then think book lor. If dont wan then jus cancel lor hee...
Please meet me this afternoon as your money is ready.
Hm, any show would be fine with me... Wat ü have on after four?
Haha I went to bathe! Omg I have to bring my files to sch thisweekend my stuff all damn disorganised hahaha x.x
Okay got to let you know, the proposal has been approved and you needto work out the poster asap alright? Sorry for the rush.
Aiyar dun disturb u liao... Thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
When I got back to singapore then punish you
Celine or u trying msg to me? My hp is +6590957823
m going to watch movie now
Lol thanks. I think I will chiong.
Yep
Hmm him without clothes... Then get e 2nd most... Think pic of him w clothes is much much better then w/o i dont wan ppl think i hv a crazy bf
Enjoy thě lunch dear. Hee. Lub u
Checking
Hey what's the alphabet on your student id?
Can... Best is u eat until fat fat, haha...
<#> , Jai Ganraj CHS , Ramchandra Nagar No.1, off mega mart ,near nitin company highway junction,Thane(West)
Alright, then we'll eat nowish and meet you xP
Hey today pr for me with koushik d:-(:-(;-(
Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
sorry sorry. Now
Oh? You have 3 weeks to revise mah :-D
Oh he he.. Then we can go nxt week.. :) love to go to that paintball game also.. But havin lectrs no..
Aunty, have an early night later ok. Thanks to u and uncle for thesending me back, I like to see u happy happy also!
Haha okay la okay. When are you going to thailand again? No school?
Yea I tink so!
Alright.
u at dblo? saw sme1 like u leh
Oh cool! Keep me posted :-)
Kiss u night night. I go slp le
Yes
Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.
re not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess
Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
Thanks bro
Lol cally also at home leh.
Ok
Think tonite not many show. We watch tom. Den tonite we go elsewhere lor.
Noooooo =( whhhyyy
time, u got to negotiate wif d mum. is it ok dat i give her ur no?
ya..
I havin tea break with my lao ban.Kao...U got no fighting power one u know.Juz take the insult not even resisting.Haiyah...So sad.I want to watch that show lor.
Oh I feel you. So many silly technical difficulties just to answer                                their pointless and banal questions. My. Word.
Nokia  <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> . And any other mobile and any brand with in  <#>  to  <#> . Pls inform me sms me.
Haha cant help much.
Ok. Call me when you are approaching our bus stop.
Physics tested till where ar
Post!
always be happy
Crazy ar u...
Yup ü not comin :-(
Hmmm.tats like as ex as the Sony a <#> .haha.
End le mah?
re u?
Haha dont have kungfu panda eh. N
m reachin soon... Try again lor, u book e nxt test oredi?
Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
I'd prefer money to fall from the sky though!
s at 2nd level near tokyu...
nothing is gonna happen to me .. so please leave me alone:(
Haha they only tease occasionally la! Haha they won't tease much de!
Yeah. <#> ? Alright. Still called ah?
Yupz...Hehe u like den gd lor...Hehe =)
Yea the sch not his anymore
LOL okay XD unless you're shahid and i'm chris right! Hahaha I askedcoz this weekend I used the one at home which is an anti dandruffshampoo LOL.
Ah thanks I ask her about it. Problem is like I said b4 my familyfinance not v gd so she may rather wait n go for cheaper alternative.
Then still ask me...
Ya ok, vikky vl c witin  <#> mins and il reply u..
Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
Editing the back portion offline now.. shld be ok. Need to printcolour for her?
(^oo^) (v)
Ok thks! Actually i m free tmr except evening. Looking for a fren to go out wif, need to talk, feeling low haiz... U free?
K
Oh ya!!!!
jap book, present, card material, melon strips, tape rec, tapes
Ok alright.
I hope your pee burns tonite.
Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?
Hi. For 2 weeks, starting from the session after next. So the nextone is as per normal.
Hihi! So are you staying in hostel this week? (:
I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
I finally woke up:x morning!
m going to submit my forms tmr... The giro and cpf forms. Ü subm
Catch you later.bye
Oo..kk.nvm.haha
So ü wan 2 color ur hair?
Woot.sitting inside lo.later u all just walk in can see.lol.
Hahaha bidding of modules?
Oh she said she cannot le.
Eh where michelle studying now ah?
Thanks!
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
Have fun attending class!!
Got your class ppl here leh, they took my seat sian
Ok i coming now.
Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
Oh:-.
The weakest part of a relation comes when one of the person has to give explanation to prove the trust... gn public - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
I couldn't go this weekend
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
Tshirt stage?
Haha on second thought no hahaha dun want! Haha nice! So how was yourday? Haha i'm having headache): going to sleep until roll call!
Haha mine 2pm.same not?
Crms
outside which club rooom sia? The one near canteen?
Kaha hai?
Hmm. Nvm la. Later I ask u wat happen ha.
Ahh ps I just got your msg!
Hahaha.oh.Woot sui Heng not just mi late.haha.first team is hu sia?
ILL B DOWN SOON
Haha okay. Can send the budget proposal over to my email. I cant viewmy sent items from my phone.
Okay. Liang court de loh.
bro come online if u'r free
Yoyo!
Do you have skype?
I'm do the mattress as soon as I get back
Haha yeap they're nice!^^ ohh no then how!! Walk faster!! ><
Han brd mai hotay to mazay hotay
It was good! I'm just going to the practice rooms now to prepare for                              voice lessons
s shop ?
Haha sup! I'm going to the hall in awhile (:
NOEL:BYE BYE.
Haha no lah, weicong asking.
?
XP
Wow... How come? Tot earliest after cny?
Lol she does. Leave thr bookings for cally to do. XD
Ok.
Yup im waiting for the security guard
Wait loadng
I only have big book. Small one no have
ok...pata karwa dena chapters ka
I'm here
Yo yo. Im at canteen 2 le.  Call me when you are here.
Anyway, we won't be recording your voices and retake the join us part.
Have u marked d syllabus for dc 3rd mid sem..?
Slap!!!
What's up. Do you want me to come online?
What is the difference between a Cricketer and a Condom?Cricketer drops the catch, and a Condom catchs the drops.;-)
Hi guys, since our project is due on  <#>  march wanna do a quickmeet up next week say tues or thurs?
Hey meeting in  <#>  mind biz Canteen.. please be on time
3.note on imp of obj resoltion
MMM ... Fuck .... Merry Christmas to me
Haha I'm not running, waiting foot the guy to let me check out then Igo, I dun want come back again! Got chinese ma! My dad busy later!
Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later
WTF is this?????
Hey xin... So tmr how? wana go...
Hey hey.. where you all going to fly kite this. Coming Sunday?
YEA HAHA
You walk towards the exit j, to one Raffles quay de. We at asiankitchen..
Hey loverboy! I love you !! I had to tell ... I look at your picture and ache to feel you between my legs ... Fuck I want you ... I need you ... I crave you .
Looks like insects gave him lotsa protein eh
Lousy pig, so easily die... Aiyoh, so late ah... Dun fall asleep leh...
I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
Haha alright>< I'll wait!(:
What is the difference between PROBLEM. TALENT. .AND. KISMAT?2boys love 1 girl=problem.1 boy love 2 girl=talent.2girl love 1 boy=kismat.
Haha see! She haven reimburse u meh lol... u sure buy a lot one lo ushopping addict! Haha...
,,,.
Ok
When r u going to come over to the party? The drinking and the topless girls already started
Huh what is that? Mentees! D: haha yeah later I tell you bah! (:
Weds I meeting frens le. Ps..
Which trolley :o
Mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt..
Uncl sitng nxt 2 me.
Ooo icic! Haha go longer trips! They're more fun!! (: slap haha doyou want a dead possum?
daddy later what time fetching de de ?
Haha it's alright! I just finished it half an hour ago, just finishedbathing haha was about to sleep for an hour! hahaha coffee totallydoesn't work on me :P haha you can sleep ah, don't have the tuitionthing today?
Beautiful Prayer: GOD whn I lose hope, help me 2 remember tht ur love is greater than my disappointmnts & ur plans 4 my life r better than my dreams
Hahaha!!! Okay:D my a levels just ended yay!!!!
Mi 20 can give mi ur hp number
Hi Andreu, if u r free n can pls give any other mails received. May God bles u.
Sorry the bus broke down so I'll be late!
Cannot be.. How come?
Okok later after i go home
Hi all:-) this s to inform you that you are to pay  <#>  rupees for the carpe tshirt within tomorrow...:-)
Here got ur favorite oyster... N got my favorite sashimi... Ok lar i dun say already... Wait ur stomach start rumbling...
Oth! Cannottake it le! Buay lun liao!
Then we go out and eat?
Hey I'm really really really sorry but we're running late and can'tbring the cord by  >< Mike's parents are downtown and he'll be there,maybe you can get it then if that's okay? I'm sorry, I'm the worst =(
Its in ivle..Under exam papers..So i get ans frm u tmr..  Thanks..C u..
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Haha hopefully bah. My chinese not as good as yours lah my goodnesshaha! I just started:P
You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &  <#> th
Hey!
Haha! You waited ah! Hahaha bully sia! better check the food before you eat:P
So who told Arrchana?
Think got bus. Or you want to walk for  <#>  mins also can.
Eh u call me for? I'm at lecture now.
LOL FRIEND!!! Hahaha!!!! What are you doing for cluster outing then!!!
Sure. I just have to run by the business office yo
<#>
Blk  <#>  bishan st  <#>  # <#>
Wahaha so special la you!
Harlow. Hws ur wk end?
t know what to do now... so boring...
Sorry, I'll call later
i know.. some award show rite? hah.. but i like she more.. lol..
I'm such a sucker. My main diamond was loose on my wedding ring so I went to get it tightened. But they talked me into replacing it cause it was a lil chipped get the ring engraved and put the old diamond on a pendant.
hmm, kk.shld b np. bt  nw he slping. confirm wif u again tmr k?;)
U so serious till hallucinate?! Serious sia! u better stop training
Hahaha true true! But he knows you're a nice guy too right! :P hahaicic! so all pon land training tgt!? Haha who's tan? Andre? Slap him:D or ask him about his shin or touch his ears:D
Are you living in an apt next year?
I called him eh. He ending at 5.
Pick me up at 6... Same place, car park there...
Pk I went home le, felt feverish. Msg me the changes for my stuff, if any.
I've checked the ftt dates. Only 2 left during may and its  <#> / <#> and  <#> / <#>   <#> : <#> : <#> . Then too early cause we would beworking. Then the earliest date with 8pm to  <DECIMAL> pm is  <#> /<#> . We book that slot??
how are you
K fyn
Yay children's day! But so sad no more presents le): i'm so old le!
Huh cum my hse 4 wat v messy lei...
Okkkk cya
Send me the picture
Fagggggg
Outside.
Haha sure, I was sleeping ha ha ha. Have fun!
Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
Hey people, I just realised camp is up in 3 weeks time and there areso much stuff I havent do. Can I meet you all on monday 1pm in sch?
Nesh can you intro yourself
what r u doing
I'm not. She lip synced with shangela.
Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Hi Andreu, Baba came home at  <DECIMAL> . How was the day? Tired? R u at choir. May God bles u.
Ohh.. Haha, okay.. Lol
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
HI DARLIN ITS KATE ARE U UP FOR DOIN SOMETHIN TONIGHT? IM GOING TO A PUB CALLED THE SWAN OR SOMETHING WITH MY PARENTS FOR ONE DRINK SO PHONE ME IF U CAN
yoz, last time u go make over for dnd, e artist got do cooperate photo shoot?
2 icecream milk tea,  <#> % large. Hehe thanks
AH POOR BABY! HOPE UR FEELING BETTER SN LUV! PROB THAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVE JEN.
No problem. Lecture just ended. :-)  got 2 lecturers. One moreentertaining. Then other made me feel like sleeping. Haha.
Ya
OK sure. I ll leave in  <#>  mins though. Have class at 7
Are you done with practice?
Grab more opportunities to speed away in a Lexus ES300! Or win $30K of exciting prizes. Hurry! Send more SMS/Global SMS/MMS by 30/4. Details at miworld.com.sg
Mai hall me hu Sir.
How i noe... Last time tis one is on offer wat...
I only can add a product with e user id after login. But i still haveno idea on how to display products of a particular user. How abt u?
0ye chal tere chachu ke coin dkhne
I mean leeping
Like sj they all la. Waa a few days ago still ok. Why suddenly breakup
Haha yeah! In fact in already in clementi area haha! I see how, Ithink I will study for ecology quiz haha :) meeting you at 4 right?Hahaha same! I dun like waking up early!
Lol ya.like o.0 if sway sway overslept jiu die.
No la. You eat when you are hungry.
Np:D
S:)shit:)
Open le
KBCQ B
Hehe krish diwali to nikal gai.. Kal msg ke paise bachate reh gae aap:-P
Nooo guy la. Lols den too bad can't meet at ubin le
Yo yo. Please buy a christmas present for ruyi. Budget $ <#> -$ <#> . :-D
Good luck, try scientology.
Okay okay. I see you there
<#>  min minimum
Send me your timetable again when you are home.. I'm seeing if our tutorials are the same..
Ya going today lor.
Ehh? Never receive again?
Poor man
bus stop you mean?
Hey you on your way? I cant go in yet. =(
Startin frm hostel
Hahaha hehe evil laughter! Finally can reply haha ps! See haha atotally unknown side of me:o haha i'm not my goodness!!!! Youreyesight is terrible! Dun want smu ah >< far away!
any time you need my help can call me
Thn u go..
can u gimme an example?
S..antha num corrct dane
Near the canteen stairs at. Concourse
Lol shut down your internet.
Hahaha before you step into my room you will see 2 of them le! Hahaomg!!! I love pig organ soup:P wahhs envious! I had cream of mushroomand the instant noodle soup hehe:P haha >///<
K and you're sure I don't have to have consent forms to do it :V
Dai happy birthday day! Wish panlaamnu Paatha your phone is off..anyways have a great day! :-) What plans?
There isn't a lot of parts left so better kope at least 2 sets from highschool tmr
Lol,  you months ago: I am going to remember that the non-syllabicsyllable is (symbol) because it looks like a sad face, and theoffglide is sad it's not a full syllable.Oh god, now I'm really sad. D:
aiyoh, thn if no pick up how? Shd we go out now? or wait?
Okay! I love you so much. Sorry I was kind of low energy tonight,                                 it's just school. I really love and miss you :* sweet dreams and                                   goodnight!
A.R.Senthilkumar,HSBC BANK, <#> ,Race Course Road,srivari gokul towers, coimbatore-  <#> .
Haha okay. But tmr I no class XD
Ya but nvm I rmb yesterday liao I done board bus le lol let alight bus
Ya nw n bus.
Sob sob sob so heartless one u T.T... broke my fragile heart~~~
The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?
Happy birthday doood
Ya. Help u to take practice exam paper is it? Haha.
I'll meet you in the lobby
HI KELVIN, DEVIN! HOW R U? CHAT WITH ME OK?
Oh... Okie lor... Den we just go tanglin can liao... Tsk tsk, drivin oso can forget ah...
Hokay <3 caw!
Most heartbreaking breakup ahahaha. So you argued with Yuxiang ah?
am busy
Oh... Thgt u slp early one... Readin harry potter, finishin e book soon, yeah...
Gud nt dr sistr.. Chweet dreamz & tak care
Yaya u Rly seh alr. U take vid of yh le!
this time does not end
s ur bf now...
No don't decompose!!!!!
Praise the Lord ! Give thanks to the Lord, because he is good: his love is eternal. Who can tell all the great things he has done ? Who can praise him enA grain of wheat remains no more than a single grain unless it is dropped into the ground and dies. If it does die, then it produces MANY grains. John <#> ough ? Happy are those who obey his commands, who always do what is right. Psalm <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-): <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-):-)
Acknowledged
Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her
Hahhaha jiayou!! :D I completed mine already
Anna what is the correct meaning of breed? Pls let me know soon..
Ok sir.
Eh can help me take one more lab sheet? I din go lec today lol... Itake from u tml
Finished bathing? If so give a ring.
how are you brother. expecting everyone to be good at home
Tiger time!
Hey math case study 2 the  <#>  possible ways are for all points possible ar?
whats up?
wants some party for your promotion. Please tell me your program
HAHA WHERE!!!!!!!!!!!! yay okay!!! Heehee I should really learn howto tie it though!
Got see doc? I tink u Rly food poison sia
Haha so we meet wad time??
Yay!!! :D such a relief! Hamdullah was it?
...good ......night.......dear...
On bus le. N gt place to sit. Hee
Hellooo.Yourong here.u taking it outsourcing??u got group already?wan same group?haha.
Ok
Haha... Ez rite... At yio chu kang?
Steady. Help us plan optimal one. Hee
yup! brought it. :)
Oei...Faster tell me...Wat u talk to ter about?Quick quick.
Also hi wesley how've you been
R u slept?
Woot gratz!
Haha I was feeling sick this morning! But I guess coming out andwalking ard made me feel better! It's opposite jp! With wensin now!
U still haven confirm valentine day got go out or not ar..
Haha awesome! See you tmr then! :-D
Then brng t bk whn u cm 4 din &msg me
R u there?
Kannaa.. R u sleepng?
Dickson will send to us by today. Actually since u've already sentone to TTSH, u don't have to do it again. If not, it'll be aduplicate.
Hey, u all go back first bah. Ask her don't worry too much. Anythingwe all want u all do anything, we'll tell u all. Take care lah.
Hhahha all around np.
He download apps to play lor! He can only renew plan next year haha!Well then you will treasure the time you meet even more! Wow so cool!Idun know how to use mine even XD hahaha LOL. I'm not so tan already!Hahahahaha!!!
Lol OK.. busy times..
Mari M.tech cheyava
Tmhe Wednesday ko  <#>  bje intrvw k liye ana hai. And this timethoda padh kr ana.
Hi baby! How are you?
Yo, Zhenyi u sound pessimistic.. I dun tink things shld get any worse.. ji xu jia you.
Walao i still cannot call... I just take bus  <#> . Help me inform papa... Change sim card le... Dun call this num...
Going ipt tmr??
Where is my baobei??
Okay thanks.
m only free b4 12...
Duh...
Sat right? Okay thanks...
Hmm, i realize i cannot create email for you because u are now using weebly server oledi!
piff piff puff puff! niao niao niao niao niao niao niao!! *niao niao song*
Daddy,I going orchard later.. u want fetch me to cocktail? If not NV mind
As in the first day quite good, second day just not so nice haha!
Hi tina ...
If Sis wants to see him, I can bring him out.  Otherwise, we'll juststay home.
Okayokay. You would have went nuts if there was alcohol.
Jeff ok, so ur house or my house?? Hehe
World's best saying by Henry Ford: Progress isnt made by early risers or hard workers, but by LAZY people, tryin to find easier ways to do d same!
s such an insensitive creature. Makes my blood boil!
Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
Eh only can use a3 size le...
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
If u managed to come school b4  <#> , come eat macs breakfast leh.
It was just amazing.Well good night. :-)
Too buzy
You look ill.
But rem last time was the final warning alr? Obviously she dun take it srsly
Balance is nill
Where u been hiding?
Awwwww hao bah. When cn confirm?
Get Ila stuff from box
I'm good! Just walking back to the dorms :)
Dear ending e. Can come in first
the lecturer like havent finish teaching lor how to do.
Dexters first dialogs..
No d
Bold?
Rajiv chowk pe utar jana
Kk
Der
11 nov? Is yours during our exams?
u studied finish?
Evening commute is crowded as crap. Just got on train
yoz u all wan to sell ur sm tb??? how much u all wan to sell???
Im on cab lol. Where you?
Love you aathi..love u lot..
hey.. if you have stomach ache, take care. We catch up in jan. I amfine though.. slept well, took a nice walk at 6am, drank tea.. prettyupbeat now! Let me know how you are feeling when you are up
Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!! Make me miss u so much!!! Dear u reply lyalready? Haha. And wad time will u b here?
I am fine with anything luh.
Ya..i vl..
Do math assignment!
Hehe.. Not today.. I tell you later.. Super funny..
Erm.Percy lor?
Den only weekdays got special price... Haiz... Cant eat liao... Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat...
hee. yes yes dear! go sayang ur dad's feet. i go shower first.. mmmmmm.. nw i still smell like u.haha
Unmoog
k
Coz you were in a rush!
No . Soon
Really... But boon law here din rain... Aiyo, i came on e dot den now haven even start off... Waitin 4 latecomers... Y u not here, miz u leh...
I am not coming to the office today
she still working?
Yest nite... I was watchin e news ma... They were tokin abt farrer park, den ur were havin a game ma, so got filmed oso...
Are u getting anything for yammy tml? Gift or cake? If u're, we canshare amg us. U decide loh.
Is this 7? I haven't seen it yet
Dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch. Yup i go w u lor. I call u when i reach school lor...
Tel d
Call me if you get this. I can da bao if you want.
have you ever had one foot before?
I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ya xi, i will be very late. can reach only at about  <DECIMAL> . uwant to wait for me?
Kk. Seeyou:-)
She said yes
okie... done... we shall meet 7pm at dg k
She juz say butterfly clips... But normal butterfly clips home cheaper wat...She wans those studded ones huh...
What you doing?how are you?
I'm here
K.
Then jiu cine bah. Save the trouble.
Enjoy ur holiday..
I have 2 switches with me now, i'll bring all the parts i have tmr. I did up the shield and the motor board but i haven't cut the 8-way connector wire yet cuz i dunno what length
Haha I will be doing my work eh. Or I ask cally bring home?
Wait what?
hahahaha..ok ok. . . . .ur ????damn big tht i thk it shd not be a prob. . .ha!
No improvement
Hee. Lub u. Here no provide lunch.. need to buy. Haha. I think we goeat outside later
U can come n pick me up anytime now...
Tireness draws across the mind making the body fade flexibility n soon windows of soul begin 2 close N enter the dreamland! OYASUMINASAI! Sweet Dreams!
Haha oops im sorry. But my card will always be in my wallet. And mywallet will always be in my pocket. Never will forget to bring out:-D
The traffic lights at the main junction near my house are malfunctioning but the cars are organizing themselves pretty well :o
Bring the stuffs!
O.o hiong hiong.eh noe 1 or maybe 2 but overseas enjoying some exchange life.got money pple so hmmm not like they wan to take it up.Donald lor.he doing iPhone game.selling in app store.but he got a team oso.
Hey we nvr buy TT present
Haha okay! look out!
Lol yup you love the time to board the bus Xd
Have I sent u v card wad
I seee okay can. I will see how.
no la... holiday home .
Haha he ai mei mah, I got bring bag.
Nice! For mairin's play?
I m home leai
No lah the IEEE I also wrong... then prime implicant also wrong...then first answer for mcq also wrong -.-....
when is it?
O.o what else u taking?
Yeah chinese x.x hahaha it was alright!! Hope I pass:DDDDD
Hee... poke poke u!! I so happy when I think of u too!!
Hmmmmmmm get something to represent eh.
Going javelin?
oh..ok..should have told me earlier.then will go find ü..well,enjoy ur lunch!catch up with ü soon..
Lol ya lor.entry lvl.is <#> for those bundle like bag card case etc plus a <#> mm f <DECIMAL> lens.
Headin towards busetop
Waa den Joel how. Yh going too?
U want our physics project for ref to do formatting?
wat is yr cap ?
ok
Im jus a electrician,rain.hey,can i koe ur phone number?
Don't worry will u come to the clz on mon?
Watched! Sodoibring?
Ok ar, at where watch??
Haha ya lo cos I decided to watch finish the show lol...
Hmm, think i'll go for one each, choc for both will be fine
Ya...Today 1st day, so far so gd. At basic beauty...E colleagues v gd! ...Höhò.
s sme delay...
Yeah I'm still down
s party n li en also dun go, tink i wun go liao...
Wa how to play..then i hafta bring umbrella
Ok ! Lg also. Get home safe. Tell me when u reach
nah
Sure, will come tomorrow then.. thanks :-)
May i know that who r u
Hey andrew. Thanks alot okay. It was a huge fav. I wil cal him and get it asap. Tc
Should b ok lor. I today really not right timing. Tomw mango or sale.
Sorry for delay. Am updating the servlets now. Will let u know when done
Ya..that's why I wondering if we should change Porter five to tableas well. u online now?
No. They wont have that much money to spend on.
I bath then go over?
I dun tink I can
play heroes online?
Yea awesome :)
Changi village eat till dam full den go ubin
^^ can't believe weitieng took longer than me LOL. Tired sleep moreokay! Hmm us as in you and me?
Okie I go check later
would love to see section  <#>  applied to a rally by a political party in power
Integrated program. Looks like ee are supposed to receive some letter
Haha if shun have keyboard maybe I buy lol... not bad arh lol... theyorder like 6 bowl lol... haha wat snack? Biscuit only nvm lah
Hello priya:-).
P
Hi
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we didnot sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."- Anne Bradstreet
I wait at outside ur room. Pl 6 there
but if i am at home, i will also go loh.
Im fed up.....
Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
SORRY I JUST WOKE UP. in  <#>  mins?
Not too bad. Take mno <#>  lah. But i think next sem is diff prof. Haha.
Hmm no idea eh. Looks like no one interested already.
Nope
?
What????? Hahaha yeah just reached!
Incredible. Imma at the clementi mall bus stop
Me no problem la. You come to science?
Haha until Feb what!! Go now!! Haha your company really snack companyah?? Haha I dunno! They're in abundance!
Yeah =/
Nai bhai sava me nai
I put 2 yest! Now no more
Anyone noe where got sell nice, cute, gd quality bathin towels? In town?
Oh.. u talking about a msg I sent 2 days back leh.. for ur convocation
Sorry... is 9.45...
I not sure. Shaohao nvr check phone siaz
Oh yeah and I forgot to ask! Can I apply for late return for tonight,tues and thurs? I got training!
Hahahaha I can dapao home for you.
Softly d leaves of mem'ry fall. Slowly,i'll gather & pick dem all. Coz 2day,2morrow & till my lyf is thru, i'll always cherish knowing somebody lyk u!
Of course got use lah. U must jia you k. 2 more days and u can enjoy liao oh. :-)
Go gym! Dulan I tis week sick
Hey it's lt <#> b. I booked at 6pm but start at 7 please.
Okay. We also going kelantan on monday, need to buy cutting tools and dowels.
Thank u and wish u happy sankranti..bt who is dis?
I wanna watch the horror movie u posted on Facebook. Go as odacouting? Lols u no training meh?
Hahaha no no he got them a very long time ago!! like the first fewtimes he used it was when we went utown for lunch! No no I wasreferring to  <DECIMAL>  hours! Hahaha ohh btw, my parents not backyet hahaha!! Wait ah, I check email!
Np
Yeah? Whod you try for?
Il mail t nw,wats ur mail add
Mapling I meant.. ha. Sry typo.  Timing meant after working hours lo.NoT good to call during work. Else ur bonus no more. Hee.
Hey my msn still down leh.
You fool gone
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
how is your new home
Man did I really send that? I ttink I was drunk. Anyway yeah I dolove you as a friend. Cheers!
Vil cal u
got take medicine ?
roti khani ha to le ana
Can help buy food back?
Oh no>< then how? hope the rest of your CA can make up for it! hahasad face one year sia! Haha good! But I think i'm falling sickagain._. Hahaha:P yeah! So you're going to get your pizza soon right!hahaha omg I feel like eating your grandma's cheesecake again!
Woohoo you're awesome(:
Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
Yeap I'll go home find! (:
A very happy Diwali to you too!
Hehe:P I ate alot of food!
Haha no no i'm sleeping!
Hahaha its ok.hmmm see when u free after work lor.or u wan weekend oso can.can meet eat dinner too.lol.ur company got do outsource for clients?or got outsource systems to vendors??
Where are you dear..?
Sorry, I cant complete your work within time.
Buster.
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
Looking for info still..
gal, think carefully wad u wan for urself k. dun give in to hisdemands if it's not really wat u wan..
K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
No nid programming. It's very exciting!
Hahaha this is the fifth time u telling me to take care Lol. Verycaring wo. No they sold out Lol. Btw the doraemon cookies are nice!And awesome card! Thanks again babe!
K come by  <DECIMAL>  i 'l give intro
m comin back 4 dinner leh...
Yes, can meet on Wednesday. Can you let me know what the problem is?Thanks!  Happy holidays.
How are we getting to qifa tmr?
Okay!
What is mb
you can join with me i am alone
gd am to my baby
<EMAIL>   <EMAIL>
What time your break?
I'm between wheeler and Dwinelle and will remain here until you sayotherwise =P
Lols den Mon morn lo
Hey dad! The money got transferred. Thank you!
Shanmugam- <#>
Thank you soo much for the dinner.. I really enjoyed it.. You are a very kind good person :)
Ok thks
Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  <DECIMAL> . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  <DECIMAL> . Your Transaction ID is KR <#> .
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
I am back in school already. What do you wanna do?
relaxlah bro. everytin wil b fine soon
Kaha he
Wooooow must be shaking hard outside right. HAHAHAHAHA okay I shantdisturb you already im going to sleep le. Good night! :D
K:)i'm waiting for d <#> :)rajinikanth and balachandar conversation.
you going ?
Haha dunno! Our interests all quite different! Hahaha it's ka! (:haha ok la, just elk walk lor! Now at cineleisure! Hahaha I hope it'ssunny now!
We r sitting behind rest room de.... That ditch
<#>   <#>   <#>
kis se
That's... don't tell me stuff like that =(
Hahaha icic!! Over liao!!!
Yo I need your stud id and pw. Nope I cnt see it.
Coming not?!
Eh go lab.wah lan lousy excuse.
How come she can get it? Should b quite diff to guess rite...
dun kaypoh ok. i hate kaypoh pple. they r so irritatin
Lols I haven got Rom yet. Now out eating, gonna try when back. Yeathe movie is awesome
<EMAIL>
Me too haha
True... Help source le. Thksss
I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
ok c u soon then
Im done. Just studyn in library
I MEAN SOCKS
Kk
Bro y u wrnt replyng in m0r..
Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
t get an earlier time... So you all wanna meet later? Cos tanjong pagar got ntg to do while waiting...
Gud nite swt dreams
Hmm tonight I can't. Only afternoon and tmr anytime. Blk  <#>serangoon north ave 4 # <#>
ll let my mom know, what time are you back?
So u went DB or kayak?
FIS chennai:-)
IndiaFly.com offers Booking of Low cost Air Tickets. Holiday Packages.(Goa/Manali/Bangkok/Singapore) Visit: www.IndiaFly.com Plse Forward to frequent fliers
oo.. kk, you need help with the prrparation of food?
Awwwwwwwwwwwww you can have snacks!
I knew that this would happen ._. Only problem is how I am supposed to bring it by bus
Ok.
ya.. found him already la.. of cos.. wat time ur proj until? u eat my pasta already? nice?
Eh I at compasspoint le sorry T.T....
re free k?
Eh Mattew just replied.say ok.told him 4pm tamp.
Where?
Ok I don't mind... what time?
I can juz eat w ü ...
Ya okay da...thank you...:)me coming to room...
Gd sia go xian char bor sibo.yh they all going us so is meet n say bye bye like tat.lol.eh round 0 start liao.
Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me.
R4 lounge is free. Let's meet there.  <#>  right?
Thks!
Have a good lunch and work hard!!
Would u be available to eat xiao long bao buffet tonight at about 8pm?
dear m here at ur door, plz cum out. cant w8 more.
Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
Haha thanks!(: yup I just showed them haha so random:P
Hi wai ping, the problem seems to have resolved itself.  Sorry forbugging you.  Thanks
s sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA!
to wish you good nitez. Sweet dreams!
Which other day u free? Sorry for the triuble
Lol shiok right.
Haha dont think im going.
Ikr jus fking wif ya
Room los
Wat time u want me to come over. Just now i had lunch wif shuhui n xyan. Now xyan at my house, sending her back when fetching u.
No?
In school la. Group discussion
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
LOL!!! But jio girl one must be more assertive ah! If not can getsnatched away one leh! Hahaha next time show you! I'm not! Have fun!!
LOL okay alot of ppl are here now!
Mmm lobster ::drools::
Oic lol. Kk
Hey!
Rx <#> , KPG two wheeler stand. TN- <#> ,     Y- <#> .,TOKEN NO.  <#>
Can you try setting up svn on sunfire?
Nope, I got a lesson from 3 to 4pm, another one at 6pm to 7pm, butthe last one can skip, lol.
Haha wow:o will she say cannot have at all? My grandma v funny, sayi'm still young, but my cousin  <#>  yrs old have liao she also letlol._. Haha my dad turned on the TV after I settled down at the coffeetable in front of TV._.
Lol no need la
Polar tee? Like the cake shop? I didn't know it's not clement.Guess who do the PowerPoint LOL
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
yes we thank God, sorry i did nt cal as promised worths celebratn
Nolah. Today can only use P acct. I think u only can bid those lvl 4electives if u want to. I think maybe will change but i'll cfm try totake mno <#>  and mno <#> .
Haha I dun want to enlist!! Haha go go go I saw the no.2! Haha no noI playing with sophie! So it's okay:D haha ohh I have chinese on tues!How's rehearsal?
I think one way is to put a relay on the data line so that can physically isolate 2 sensors then can choose
Coo'
So when do you wanna gym harri
Yaaaaaaay!!
Ho -.-
Think my skill no good. Cos its not e same brand, so the quantity of water and other ingredients i use is wrong, so cannot harden.
Oh.Sry tc. *WIN Exciting prizes when u buy Comfort! Now @supermarkets*
Send me.ur ic and name!
Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
Heading back from promenade, about half an hour
Kya bataun, tu wahin hai
Do I? I thought I put it back in the box
Numbr msg kar na
I think baaement
Hahaha alright. What about tonight's mahjong?
S.. Nw i wil go by ur way can gt outsid ur hme..
Haha but you're a pervert! Haha really meh,I think I can pig thatlong leh! Haha we talked, took pics and slacked ard! I slept on thefloor haha! So cold!
Met her or just saw her
hi dude are you coming to college?
Hahaha I see. Hao bah.
N
Lol go ivle she always makes the announcements one...
Chou baobao u got call me? :-*
m occupied lor... Meetin meijun later... So wat have u been doin...
Come stay overnight!
Do u mind if is consulting do with dickson?
Ohh okay. Busy princess hmm?
Noooo they wont get to bathe so early.
Wasssssupppp
Lols both  <#> mins
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
Without me inside right... You look at the big heart in front of the door... So sweet! Haha... You see whether got cute guys? All mei nu right
Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
Yeiyei I dumdum... juz slp n wake-up. Night night!
Hi I just woke up sig.
Hi.
2da 6pm choir practice :-) RoZi *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
haha, coz computer science major need to take. he also dunwan to takede.. btw, the programme u wanted last time u still need?or gtalready?
Okay.
Jiamin!
Lol thanks
oh ok i understand now
Today il hav 2 times bath..  <#>  somavara vratha, so upavasa today..
Can i come to the cls?
Alright.. hmm
Seriously! No tengo dinero :'( haha aww I bet he's so excited!
Joe..why r u so quiet?
Hahaha!! Ok ok I shall just drop them an sms! ehh!!! See how laterhahaha! I might:DD
Ya lo I tink I go home sleep a while we meet in town at 6? Yes I can!Haha y not very sweet right =p
I'm sure you will! Sharing stories over fair trade coffee at ahipster cafe playing only the least known music
Der
How do we understand 'FOCUS' concept for achieving set goals? A naked & drunken woman boards taxi in London 1 night. The Gujju driver keeps staring
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
LOL don't even know if he rmbrs me.
Ok... Then maybe some other time lor... So hows ür drivin skills now? Gettin ür license soon?
Birla soft da:)
ID <#> KP. Monday after 5pm, sat night, or sunday preferred. Rate:<#>  per hr negotiable.
Hi Andreu, wil i be able 2 talk 2 u during ur lunch hour?
Oh ok! arghhh frustrating!!
Woot lol... ok arh pepper lunch not fried can eat... ya lo bettersleep early or wait tml sick cannot go school!
Lol tamp 4pm.haha.
I cnt i said
E <#> D
Not as good as I expected but at least cap increased lol. You?
Ramsey vs Wilshere tonight! Haha. The future of arsenal's midfield isgoing pit against each other.
hi.. r u here yet?
On the way alr
What song?
So r u feeling xin fu now
Karen, i'm having a class now so may not be convenient to pick up acall. Can u kindly inform HR to call after 3pm? Thanks.
Ok where u now
happy birthday
Haha,ok,nvr mind lor. Coz need 2 go sch today n my skirts look too dressy. Heh. Nvr mind,u wear what u want!
Father has the copy of the way of the cross. Thanks.
yes i have taken my lunch
What's cooking?
Okay can. This comm is for next academic year right?
Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was
USF
To watch hee  kiss kiss
Rx <#> , KPJ two wheeler stand. TN- <#> ,     Y- <#>
ll bring lor...
Sure, but its not just next 2 weekends, becoz I have to be back incamp until  <#> st july. So actually its 3 weekends. U check with yourmum again?
oki dear! i changed le.
Ok. We'll let u know.
Sorry I flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
Which secret code.
This is my new number.  <#>  A.Rajkumar
Watching <#> . Second last episode!
By the way, any news?
Eat together I mean lol
ll join u la...
Yea?
Waa okay not... food poisoning ar?
Den still dun grab tt sugardaddy... Haha, den u dun have to work liao... 4 months ah, okie la, 4 u nt bad liao lor, seems lk will last longer ah...
But i don't have multi plug leh. Haha. Wanna go dr anot? Here canonly sits 4ppl.
Just finish chinese tutorial. Where are you? Wanna go to clementi?
Give u my NRIC first. S <#> H
whr gt sux? life is sooo beautiful!
Yup i noe... Dad told me liao...
You want can eat first!:D
That's what you get for being a douche =P I shouldn't have told you
Hey peeps go play captain ball
No need discuss. Need xy to solve tml. Haha.
How bout holidays?
So u going or not?
Really never ...
?cos wait bo bus and we are group 1.lol.
NO WAY LOL i'm too short:D hahaha ohh no! I think you won't be thelatest coz it is very ryan-like to be late hahaha!
Account transferred and new patch! Are you home!
Haha thanks!!!!!!!(:
Rofl alright.
Lol dots.
Is ur life boring? Type 'I LOVE' <space> ur GF/BF name N send it to all ur relatives Jus try it ekdum hungama mach jaaega aapki life me;-).
Pig. Have a great weekend! Haha.
K, if u bored up just come to my home..
Great! :D
I love you too crazy. Are you feeling okay?
Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
Game and graph theory
t u tink so?Basic courtesy.
I didnt download yet. Once i download i will send it to ü. Or ü try go ivle on the right hand corner, click on exam paper, the n it will show a list of modules
Email Id is  <EMAIL> ,send quotation immediately.
Can't nid celebrate grandma bday lols
what modules will u be taking this semester? wanna take 4264 together?
called u many times no answer!!
My stupid exhaustion
Cherry hi apa khabar
Yup. Haha. U saw my yandao face ar?
Oh okay.
s sdryb8i
yar ab to class end ho gai ha...raat lecture ka message aya tha
Ok Andreu, good nite. Hope u had diner. May God bles u
So how ahh, will he be in sch tmr? I'll be there in the morning!
Group song.....
Sure^^ haha its fun!
Interchange the <#> bus queue lor.
Ok!
Okay do we sign u up den
Sup?
S HOUSE
Ok tel
Okayy
Lol oka far east?
Here yet? Sitting next to the fruit juice stall.
Ok jus put me for anything then :)
Hahaha vivian, abbie and wensin! Yes I know right!! I bought nailpolish woohoo!!
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Hey pinky... E flowers frm ur mum huh, very nice leh...
When wanna eat
WHAT. GET A HAWAII SHIRT. LOL. THOSE WITH THE FLOWERS AND ALL.REACHING IN TWO STOPS WOOHOO
s 7 lessons leh... I think no need to go for yogasana at 1000 since we going for yogasana basic. Are we? I suspect yogasana is even harder than yoga
i love u too dear! aiya.. today really gt meeting at  <#> . :(   ibrought jacket for u today. hee
Haha chibi just woke up:x sorry):
okay. i'll just text you later, my cellphone battery is low. i'll be there before noon.
Those who fear the Lord do not disobey his commands : Those who love him will live as he wants them to live. They humble themselves before him, and say, " We place our destiny in the hands of the Lord, and not in the hands of men, because his MERCY is as great as his MAJESTY. " Sirach <TIME> , <#> , <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear friends :-)
t talk...
As if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
Miss u??????
Don't mind.. Cos i've not been there before too! Lol.
________ is ________ Study is boring. I hv fild da blanks wid da most apropriat wordz
For UE, what are you taking?
Ok lor, just inform me earlier so I can do something about those bookings.
Poor thing, tonite must sleep in my living room.. Haiz..
Ah I'm sorry for the slow reply. I teach amaths as well, if you don't mind.
Stars light Stars bright ur the only Star I see tonight. I wish I may. I wish I might be there guarding ur dreams tonite, good nite....... - via WAY2SMS.COM
Hahaha omg caught! I'm really slacking there! Nope they're not!
Wat time r u coming to sch tml?...
s ok.. See you in lecture than.. Study hard!
LOL how I know! Maybe he did! I'm not making you any sandwiches!!Hahaha is it?? I dunno, are the shirts expensive?
Alrighty. Alrd waiting at the foyer. Can fetch thuya home as well? Jurong east.
hey wad time is everyone coming?
Ya... mine like everyday. U le?
Taking a dump now. Oops.
How many articls...
m goin, promised cindy liao...
<DECIMAL>
Alrighf Truman and I were miserable over our boredness. Seems likeit's gonna get fun.
Hee. I know. Tan wh. Just gave me
Ya tio raped!
Sigh... Dont think so lah. Need to study leh
<#>
At hm alr
Who else?
Play diablo online?
I'm sorry.. she says she is ur friend from npcc too.. hope all is well for u!
Shall we go for film?
Hi.
Hahaha ok ok! Ehh? They changed the motherboard, so I assume they didthat too?
Still in customer place
Yep i'm camping there until next lesson
Haha :$ haha if don't intro I won't visit you de, but srsly wonderwhat your mum will think of me haha oh no! Hmm what thing? Save now?From my pocket money, whatever I save now is not going to be enoughfor one month in the real world! Heehee okay i'm going to sleep,goodnight ryan^^v
Hey girl where are u now?
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
3. But got assembly
m only reaching tp mrt
Dai what this da.. Can i send my resume to this id.
Lol so you like finally satisfied your hunger eh XD
Tm i have drivin till seven plus can meet ard jurong area. Thurs i cant need to wait for cousin come my hse do something
Ya they dont have group names or anything now leh. =(
Haha quite funny
Lg reach le mug
Still waiting for bus dear.. u might have to wait awhile.. flyingkisses for my baobei in the meanwhile.:-* :-*
Lol ok.
Haha..kk.. where u all eating? Can I join?:p
Mm mm mm I can't wait
s also saving for us. Would ü recognize her? Haha...
Haha popcon nia. Lol you can help me buy.
Every girl may not be a queen to their lover,,, but are always a Princess to their father........ Happy world Daughter's Day!!! Tc hasu hv a l0vly day.. Mwah
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
nice call u evening..
Ohh I am watching  <#> . Change game lah. Find something more interesting.
Girl, are you coming back to fetch me to airport
Ok but not so early
So finally u don't f'give me
I am sorry .plz i am very tensed leave me sometime
Hee:-) come come find me!! I miss ur hugs.dear u reach home le ma?
No
Where? Haha
Waa so late still got lesson?
Kya du?
Yo you woke up mah?
nope...dun think so much!
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Almost near to peenya 2nd stage..
Best Quote said by Bill Gates."I wil alwaz choose a lazy prsn to do a dificult job bcoz, Definitly he will find an easy way to complete it.
Ahh sorry sorry I just received your smses! I have chinese so can't make it><
Okay Fabian suggested next week at six instead since he's not goingsch tmr and I have lesson til 6. Do confirm thanks.
LOL ok. All the best!
U leh? So free ah...
=/=
On bus
BOOK LOOKS BAD :-)
Yay!!!
Wishing you a wonderful week.
In case the line got jammed up later,i wish u a happy new yr, hope all gd tings will go ur way,take care..
Aaaapaa
Hey ü call wombat when ü reach hor. I will be late
Not beliving aha.
Nt ye.lt. later eat eith ling. Coding now. Hee.love love
Eh I saw announcement on ivle cs <#>  got assignment get from where one?
could you lent me M8 ?
Up to u
No lah,dont be 2sensitive on sars,actually i find u cute so decide 2made frd with u.
Eh dun tink so bah
Ya... She wans... But now so late dunno still can arrange 4 tmr anot...
Come safely into my arms ok? Muackss!!:*:*:*:*:*:*
Lect break.. Now very bored n tired. So how is ur stylist going to cut?
kk, thks for reminder. seeya
Ah great, finally you have spoken. When are you free to help me? Igotta order teeshirts.
Next month
morning my lovely boy! u wake up le hor?
K I'll call you when I'm close
Ooookay!
Hee. Ur darling just came back too. Hee. Muavks
K online
Ok going down now
Meet my friend joay
Hey yammy, got new study for subj pool!
Just sleeping..and surfing
6598941248 Got my msg?
Yes. In about  <#>  minutes. Is that OK?
Oh ok.hall three happenin lei.
Oh great. Thanks.
How precious, O GOD, is your constant love ! We find protection under the shadow of your wings. We feast on the abundant food you provide: you let us drink from the river of your goodness. You are the source of all life, and because of your light we see the light. Psalm <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Ok
Eh u knock off work at that time? Don't really have many places torecommend, but find one place can sit for long? Got jap buffet atsafra if u want.
Thanks
Finishing
As in different styles?
Intl  <#>  b0ard,c0re 2 duo 2ghz, <DECIMAL>  spkr, nvidia  <#> gt,  <#> gb hdd, 2gb ram, dvd wrtr, ups, lg  <#> '' m0nitr, t.v tunr
When he meant add ssl tag is it at the url? Ya i also don't know howto access db now. I'm drop dead worried tt my images won't work now.And there's no way i can test it out. Haiz. The categories in themasterpage also gone le. Like waste my efforts loh.
I'm thinking of taking ssa <#>  for ss, lol. Are you gonna take cs <#> ?
Where can we meet later ar?...i need to use laptop cos i onlyuploaded my softcopy into ivle workbin...if not then ask alvin andjaime to present their work in hardcopy...then no need uselaptop/computer liao....how?..
Ok!!
Nope!! Opppsi
Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
Interesting place, please check out
HAHAHA understood. I experienced that before.
How big?
K:)k:)
Where r u
Lol makan place de. It's lynette de so okay la.
Studying?
Mmhhmm just like weregetting yomarried 'one day'
98790246 int msg me! Ok?
Haha you're totally in love with mz la
2pm, is it ok? at yishun.
You ll be up for a few hours?
Am in it zone
Ok I'm reaching
Kyu?
Thank u. IT BETTER WORK OUT CAUSE I WILL FEEL USED OTHERWISE
Hey Leslie, today I cmi :( got extra duties to do. Sorryyyy
s not bad
Cutting tool 0 is parting tool - <DECIMAL>
Haha, so happy for ü... Me now watching channel ü... Are ü? Anyway, rest early, good nite!
max is one week, min is depends. if you are coming, how are you going to come?
Ok!
Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
Hey I going sohjie hse tonight. It's 5mins walking dst frm railway.Can fetch me 2moro frm Bukit panjang
So that means you still think of teju
Ok thanks
Ah cool. Alright see you.
Can i get you a fish burger from mac donalds?
Noew reaching yew tee
Ya they are well and fine., BBD(pooja) full pimples..even she become quite black..and ur rite here its too cold, wearing sweatter..
8 liddat
Eh where u?
Time up
Packing up,about to leave for lunch. You?
okie lor... be sure to call me man
Ohh good lor.
Oh crap:x!!!!!7
Wanna go shopping tmr?
Okay thanks. Left alot to be amended anot? Haha.
Haha.. Yea, I'm going Bangkok lor..
Up to you lor. Meifang not waking up either according to Nicole.Wanna get breakfast now?
Does <name> have normal OH?
Haha.. I see... Can.... Let me know. Anw, I failed my interview Ytd...
Because it doesn't serve any purpose I guess... I don't know,religion is half to understand what you can't, primarily death. Thereis no other purpose for the unicorns and any other explanation oftotally unknown stuff could be just as wrong
Haha>< no ah I only fell asleep for the last  <#>  mins bah, theother time I was just trying to calm down coz my head and my heartkeep racing>< I can do this only probably coz i'm virtually tired allthe time haha > <
Yar lor... U not ard then i v lonely lor... Hee... Y u not eating lunch? U not hungry or u too busy?
Ya but need to submit hard copy in class.
Hi Zhong, could you bring your laptop today for yam? I'm not feeling too well, so I can't come today..
U got umbrella??
Jus wanna wish ü all the best for your coming exams. Jia you!
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Dear, where are u? i am home.
Yes!! And he watched graveyard of the fireflies the other day too!
Your blog spot on friends doesn't mention me. I am hurt :(
Fine!!
ll b meetin us
Call me after your meeting...
Wt r u doing?
s e test date... Thurs ah, might have to go temple,not sure yet, y?
Lol cause u never follow thru on your threats. Id remind u but its best they stay forgotten :)
Nice. Need gimme $ <DECIMAL>  more for rock climbing
Why!!! Hahaha bless you many times!
k
Send me an example can? Haha.
Dear. ... eat more k. Try to enjoy ur dinner! Muackss
Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
I know how to do question four and five... Four i did a long way but five can copy fr notes pg 61... Tml then i show ü how to do qn 4... Nite zzzz
uhh bro we need estate to get their lock off too
How was ur game? Why they scold?
hw u did
m meeting them for dinner...
U mean at 11? A bit early. I need to work.
Bro 0nlne aayoge kya aaj?:-P
Did ms lee say meet there?
Yeah haha shucks:/ THINKING BACK ON THE PICK UP LINE, I JUST GOT WHYIT'S FUNNY HAHAHA! haha she knows chua!
Haha its either you or I'm asking Chester and raghav! Btw can you asksomeone else also? Got two tickets to clear hehe!
U all going out tmr?
Ahha okay :) I'll ask joce!
See u
Woah why dip? Thought she jc?
Nanthani  <#> . Pls call her tomorrow at 9am GBU Roshal.
Msg karo phle
The bug guy came and said we can't go in for  <#>  hours soooo uh don't
Uploading
K I'll be there by 9
Yeap at the airport now! (: going to eat dinner soon! See you tmr,maybe you wanna come slightly later coz need time to check out andstuff (: see you!
Am clng bsnl customer care.dkchi..2i ekbr numbr ta dele dkh na incumg ache kina.r outgng bard as otate anekdn rchrg krina..dokane gie tl ur prblm.may b rchrg krle dat wl b Solvd.bt jigesh kre tarpor rchrg krbi buddhu..bujhli?
1.writ note on climate of pak Ye kara 3rd chap ki ex mai hai
Hey ü going for freshmen inaugration tmr? ü know how long it will last ?
call me...
I mean noe to a certain extent la. But not like ü noe me i noe ü tt sorta standard la.jx tt e things he like i interested lo.he bookworm-like fantasy.
Bro i'm sunny.. Where r u n0w?.. N cn u gve me ur w0rking email id.. Tc br0
Call later
Yea the sch not his anymore
Hi you there
Feb  <#>  is "I LOVE U" day. Send dis to all ur "VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr
Heee. Hvhv. But today can feel u very sayang me mh. Hee
Haha yeah got time mah XD
Hey did ü apply to hall, btw, do ü noe how did mich n gen do?
I know i saw life also. Anything. When u wan 2 c?
Bring shows when u come. V bored here
I tot sohjie Eman shaohao me 1 group
At wat
Thanx...haha...i tink i noe why u got facebook acc liao...cos usometimes too bored during IA rite?...haha....
Are you still in office?
I'm Otside
My work ah, sianz lor, always do e same stuff... U leh, how come can slack at home...
K..give back my thanks.
Hey cn u txt me d addres f d place.i'm gona place an order 4 a bed
Sylvia forget to bring her hp today. If need to find her later,contact decki at  <#>  as she'll be with him.
Haha okay okay (: do you have sch tmr?
Same to u.
Probably, want to pick up more?
Hee.. Okie.. If he cut not nice i go back cut all his hair..
Daddy tmr I going ys .. when u fetch da Jie go wake me ok? Hehe.
..!..
s Day... May this day of yours be blessed with happiness n laughter... Good day ahead.
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Okay!!!!!! MINI FRIENDS!!!!!!!!!
Idk. I'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. Nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
Oh... U oso have 2 lesson today ah... Haha, shld have thgt of e fact tt i followed ur schedule...
Some one piece manga necklace with Chiobu on it
I'm outside your LT. Don't say nvr intro, my chio grpmate outside. Ifu free, come out and beo loh. Haha.
Haha level 5.!
Haha... Watch out for him then.
Dear :-/ why you mood off. I cant drive so i brother to drive
He gg where? I leaving abt  <#>  ba
Do you know the new class routine?
Lol which glenn. See? Lol
I don't know what happened, but what's done is done... if u can'tatone for it then so be it... do what you can...
Let me know when you are here
Good morning. Just now went 2 celebrate my granny bday. Her bday on Tue, but noone free on e actual day, so? Came home then slept until now? Anyway met my..
Eh how long does it take to learn tennis to play properly?
Aiyo why must hand in by 2moro
No wat color? Iolist my slippers too
You can give mi your
Yes. But at least it ate quite a lot of the worms. Very cute when itis eating.
No plans yet. What are you doing ?
s all company g
s dat? New movie? I still haven settle my show with u ah!! Haha
Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
Haha today?? Dun want :P I got a lot of hw!
Have a good rest..Take care..
Hey! i saw you at SM mall a while ago.. good morning! :-)
hows bout u shexy? Pete
Good canine. There will be a test for u nxt week
Hey xin... Do u rem if e lecturer said students nd to  fill in app form to apply 4 applied chem?
Are you there in d office
No lah i'm not really worried! The op is probably over le! oh, I canprobably show you my house haha!
Sianz... I really dun feel like teaching tution already! Erm yong tau hu, dry been hoon wif lotsa sweet sauce!
yes, i noe,same here. but exams comin..hav to spend more time studyin...less time to meet up le :( u jus started ah?thn go and study loh,i dun wanna disturb c:
Hahaha... So qiao?
Just woke up lor.
Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
Yes i ate dinner and bathed already
Eric was trying to contact you that's all.
s friend..hee..r ü attached?y is he still bothering ü?dun mind me..but he is such a jerk!
Are you busy tonight?
Yes. Going out now. Where to meet?
Hee of coursr sweetu. Mugd
Kalutai
Tell me first,Who is going?I have work till 1
?
Do you get admission on that college?
Eh later change dryer
Haha I didn't really want to talk to them haha coz I was still abitpissed from bio haha.. Yeah right I think you are stalking the wrongperson!!! Toh chen yeong haha, my Chinese teacher for 3 years haha!Yeah about now!
I mean I just reached bb haha!
Thanks Rahul. HAPPY NEW YEAR to u also.
Gud ni8!
Ur wish z imp in dis matr. Tel frnkly
not bad lah just a bit sian.where u now?
you finish class ?
Ps bathing. Sianz tonight Nth mch to watch
Goodbye cruel world
OHH RIGHT. dun remind me about it!!!! T.T
Haha okay, um arp and chinese:/ arp is whole day, but if have tochoose then I rather go for it in the afternoon bah:/
Hey rryyyaannn
Nope.
Morning sweetness!! Rem ur  <#>  k. See u later!!
Name: S R S Weerasinghe, Transfered from Durdens to LRH. Girl of age around 7 years and down with dengue. Pls pray for her. Thanks.
He dun intend to break in the first place ...
orhh. juz saw ur sms. i go tr  <#>  try presentation.
Okie... Cya den...mugging 4 test now, so sian...
Er ya. Final one. But last few paragraph not done yet. Paiseh..
I have 1 minute of footage on my comp can try edit later
help help
0hk tx hv u gt trckng numbr fr dtdc?..
Ga <#>
I ah guan ... Wahahaha .. I a male lahz
Really? Okay.
So gym at 5??
Yeah, utterly.
Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
Da vandiyil irikkunnu.ethikkondirikkunnu.sorry for the delay. aaraaam thampurante kuude aanu....
Hey! Yeah I'm feeling a little better. The nausea mostly went awayand I just have a fever and runny nose now
Crazy its v normal wat. He will do e same 4 audrey they all also.
No camera D:
LOL OKAY FINE WITH ME. LUCKY HAVEN'T EXIT LOL.
Ahh. Dinner was fine. Watching Vampire Diaries now. Had your dinner yet?
Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
Haha its ok if u can't. I can go front gate
Sorry
Jus sent ya
Go wher?!but i feel like goin to ür hse.haha- i haven c before ür dog.
Piggyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!
Opps... Wrong msg... Haha... So 11 can?
s on 22nd aug. Very long too
Psh I'm more scared of her in other ways. She kept hitting on me
Nv say. K u open urself.. nite nite.:)
Gud nit..
Hmmm... Still considerin lor...
Superb Thought- "Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.":-)
hehee. going to study already. go enjoy ur show ok! love love. hahah.
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
m going to MOM to submit doc. If u want to go out.We can meet me outside.
Ha en chikku, answer bandh mele yalru hege heldhu..
Hahaha its takoyaki served on a boat! the skin is crispy one so itsreally nice!!! :D
Hee eat le darling  enjoy yourselves i  so miss u
Hand still not mch feeling!
If u want to play safe, alight at com2 n walk over loh.
No problem.
Ohh is mine with you? You want come?
Group song.....
Hey can't meet earlier?
I know! But he confirm twice I said ok to both. Emo
Hahaha hair long also must fight war what. Don't need to buy newuniform right? And you gonna bother abt noncamera phone?
I think AB-
Im coming back soon.
Hi Colin, Mr Kan from 4 verde villa. Just checking on your proposalprogress.  Do you have a rough estimate of the time necessary for theproposal?  Please let me know when possible.   Thank you!
Change addressUmich idChris GoT?Call dad
Are you implying that I'm with another man?!
Yea but they nvr reply..
Okay! But my size can wear right?
What?!
Lol awesome. Haha. Alot of ppl on bus?
Okay can. Xavier solo?
Yea
Haha feel asleep? Goodnight ryan <3!!
R2 lounge
Tampines to swim
I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv!
Abhinav Mehta added a photo of you on Facebook.  <URL>
I dun mind swimming. But no trunks
Old!!!!
Eh, I am at engin already. Where are you?
Huh, like dat also cannot ah?
Duno bring i scare ma fan. Cos if dont bring bag no need carry around n can leave any time. But i feel like bring clothe change, can go Robinson sale today. How
Lol i'll still be in school anyway so when will you guys reach
Yes we should! When can you?
I am in bus to work so disappointed make you unhappy again. Don?t angry too long coz can be old-old leh!
m ok lor.
s over.. Dun thk abt it already. Concentrate on ur other papers k.
Taking off, I love you bro
Haha I also dun know leh honestly! Later tonight I show you what hesaid! Btw I'm staying in hostel tonight! Haha I still think I shouldsay sorry:/ sorry!!
Haha I want to know what she gave you! I wanted you to open it justnow, but the policemen there made it so awkward. :-(
Clarke quay. Haha... Going city hall now... Gonna wait so long for the talk. Lol
Ooo okay! But I dun have change leh! It's a $ <#>  note!
AND HIS CARDBOARD TIE HAHAHAHAA
Hey she's interested to get freelancer. her number is  <#>  Alexis. Contact her ya.
Steady?
Duno, think they will post in forum tomw lor. Think 7.30, 8pm lor
wa.. u so late today.. i at nearer door btw
Mo
Novaclav  <#> , Nisul S and Cetcip L.
Hahahaha really ah.raining not gd meh lol.
Do you know what kind of car your mom's car is? The one that's coming up here
Oh oh. I want to borrow your 1tb hdd.
Mad woman you want to come ktv now? 10 bucks only!
Oh ya. Sianz yest supposed to set pb. Must be Ivan too weak to spotden I no faith do la
Tian ah. This one really jialat. Bad feeling.
So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
Lol.oook.sounds far still.lol.
RASHID ki GAND mai qeera thaDoctr ny khakuch din sirf SAAD se bund marwao1hfta SAAD se BUND marwai1 din ASIF se BUND marwaiQeera bahr nkla or bola"SAAD VICH PANI MUK GAYA HA":-)
Yew tee le
EHH?! I SWEAR I REPLIED YOUR LAST MSG!!!!
I want to see you
Pasta donkey = my new racist term for Italians
Haha I entertain you on phone eh. Lol thought you were jumping just now.
Gv max more expensive? Yeah k.
Huh yaar hum itne b bure nai ki ek bar b reply nai kar0..:-P;-(
Reply leh
O, i.'m not disturbed but frestratf
Yeah haha. Later they will have a break.
Okie. U think u can collect for me? I think my lesson quite late..
Ya. Hmm.. Don't think so. Haha. Send my regards. Haha.
We bring the kids back alr...
Seems u r slightly dejected.the logic is we only need one job and there are  <#> 's of them.sherikkum kashtappedenti varum but insha allah allam shari aakum
Yeah. Thank chunmin more bah. It was her idea! Haha.
Kk
We can always separate ourselves from the rest whattt
Bhai amit kaha he?.. Tum d0n0 sath ho kya?;->
Okay
What time u go in?
Haha thanks! (: I like it, but you really just wanted to buy to eat it right:P
So u Mon going back?
HAHA PAISEH!
Where shall we have lunch?
Hahaha okay!
1000 3 big 2 small
Suuuuure
Wad shit!!!!!!
Not feeling well den dun wan stay long lor..
wait i ll come
Okayy
haha.. that day tht one is it
Haha oh good! I was super scared you went back to Sowerto when I saidthat HAHA! Ooo hmm but you performing, won't you be wearing somethingelse? LOL omg the time taken for you to decide you could've probablyjust put on your formal! Haha haven't reach yet! Yay today about 5mins earlier than normal!
ABWA
Ok, team A is tze chin and co. Team C is hui min and co.
yo.. wat mod u takin ah... when mus bid
Upar aja
This is the answer 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
photo
never be sad
Change to clementi!
I think I shall stop sleeping haha damn pig! Eating shiroi koibito now!
Thank you! Haha... When is the actual date and time? Can lah. Dont be scared...
Ah... I also want to watch! Sigh... But i watching last samurai on monday already...
oh.. k, luckily not ur fault..hehe.. im doin my proj. got 4 of proj to be done tis week.. but goin to finish tis one le..
Call me now
1215 lar... What if i dont have a photo leh? Will they kill me?
Ok nvm...We tmr den go copy...Save seat 4 me...Hehe cya =)
Hey r we meeting tonight?
But it's the same thing over and over again.leh. Even the boss doesnt change.
Where shall we have dinner?
haha. u come back safely wor..
I thinking of getting a yu sheng, looks better hor...
Ok.
Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
Ok set go on thurs lo
eh.. where r u??
Lol eh what. Lol so you prefer me to treat you bad eh.
How dare you change my ring
I love u dearie baobao!!
had ma lunch
Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ <#>  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything.
Ohh my you mugged mcmurry. I'm reading a book on how to writereasonable reaction mechanisms haha
Thot u had a lot of interesting topics?
Where u? I at yishun le
check ur mail ok? I need more time.
What time?
Hey bro wish u a happy bday . Hope ur havin a gud tym. I have only  <DECIMAL>  Rs so im unable 2 call u. Hehe
Hows that watch resizing
My moms bday on Sat. I got her a book with a pic of an old lady on it saying where did I leave my glasses...lol then I'll give her the real gift.
Lecture ended early, I'm otw home le.. Will you be home for lunch?
hi kissy, at bj airport now. Waiting for the gate to open at  <#> .Missing you lots. Hope today went well. Will be back soon. Please restwell. Hugs, huggy :-)
Nope... C ü then...
Hey can send me ur full name email and year u born in? Thks
I am at officer cadet school now. Going back home on Friday.
Heee! Ok!! Laogong ye hai ai ni
on dis ur on ur own
Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha
Ya look at the last one. U can write bout it
Anna got the reload.thank you. *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
0k as u wish..
tonite able to work rite?
Oki!! Lovvvvve u wifey
good night
Not* not boy -.- my phone is having quite the day
Hi, which equation changed? Is it light? humidity or temp? If its not a trouble can you email me the equation.. :)
me at home
730. Me now at home waiting for my sis.
Ok. So we r setting it at sunday  <#> . Forgot to ask, will it be a<DECIMAL>  or 2 hr session?
Change liao.. Cairo cheaper.. :)
<#>
T WORRY.
come on!
Just got to  <#>
Hw r u?
Chocolate
Haha after your work? Im with evelyn now.
Alright.. I'll leave it up to you =)
nai...kal hi deni ha
O. Guess they both got screwd
I look thru phone camera then see Lo. It's like l4d. Jus go YouTubeba. V fun de
Eh your blog post was talking abt people like me wasn't it?
( <#> $ btw)
Awesome
Ok
Okay loh. Haha. I'll tell shuling then.
Where are u
gd gd.. later then i come disturb u. baobao..
reached eh tomorrow i will go to school to scan my photo
"The trace never falls far from the tree."These are great
Hahahaaa.yawn.hungry and slpy.
BOOOOOOOOOOYFRIEEEEEND!!!!!!!!!!!!! I need you to serve as areference as someone I've known for five years! It's for crow's nest.Dude. Can I have yo address?
Ok
Haha yups! Yeah I dunno I just feel it's very messy and he doesn'tlabel his working for math, then his answers in science and math paperboth never answer fully sometimes, like never close bracket, onlywrite half the ans._. Coz he keep distracting himself with videos zzz!Haha yours is fine! I think your handwriting in the letter you writeto your penpal was nice! Hahaha I dun think I need to teach him, buthis sch sense of humour is not as lame as ours! Haha yay! But why sosudden?
Haha yea I can see the time! Haha ohh omg hehe I wasn't lookingthere! Haha today optional, I dun want to go haha :)
Hee.. enjoyed myself so much too!! Now the show haven end.. you canwatch. Hee. Thank you dear for making my day
Can you tell me your NUS password? I will submit from your id
buy lotsa presents 4 me...
staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
U called me?
Why didn't u call on your lunch?
<#>  including the 7 of us leh. Haha.
Hey... U wan e kind of sunglasses tt u buy in bangkok... I saw it at sportsgirl, 30 bucks...
ha. when u want to meet hiim? he no preference. as long as professional.
Hello
Oh shit that's true.. ahhh
Oh ok. Uhh no i didn't touch code at all today :/ i'll look into it after dinner
Go to second floor i think we eat thai food
fff
See you drive safe
s at sci drive 2. Ü drive in between s14 and s15
Doing back and biceps with weights! And I was stretching :O
tml lec u bring the notes last week can? i wan copy cos last week absent...
Rone met bheith jana.
Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
Yes i can imagine.
Haha ok :P its Friday! Uhh the sms of you saying you're late! Hahahais it! Omg hahaha but its playing fine on my com! No haha I wasn'texploring, I left a song to play on repeat then when it play finishthe song suddenly change :O study le!
Dar dar dar dar!! Time for bed le!! You still playing with C++?
hello buddy how is your health
this is a test message
Ya pretty sure it is this week though
Get caught for eating? Why not? Stomachache again?
Going hostel. Wan eat together 1st?
I'm at ucc alr...
Its posible dnt live in  <#> century cm frwd n thnk different
my beautiful girl, u have made me so happy everyday since I met u.Faster get well sweetheart. I'm waiting for those kisses.
I'm at the bus stop on ur hse side...
..... Butterfly..... Okie la you enjoy your self..... Sms you later.....
When do we need to create the groups?
oh ya.. btw i think need to check if the first mobile phone got useic or not. It was invented ard  <#> ..
Anytime eh.
Oh, the grand is having a bit of a party but it doesn't mention any cover charge so it's probably first come first served
Hellow, how what u?
C-YA
Me gonna drint beer today
Ohhh love
Fine. i got job:)
Tml not meeting ah?
yes. Red is no. Yellow is yes.
Haha only  <#> !  <#>  also cannot
Had a great nite! Thanks for the stuff toy
Lol ok.we wisma walk walk.or we go queue.how many pple total ah.we here 3 pple.
Can can, but the cash all with me. Lol
老公睡觉老公睡觉老公睡觉！！ hee. rem to take rest hor.
Chutiya + <#>
0k hasu try to l0gin again.. Waitng f0r u n if u cldnt thn slp wel gn
LOL so cute!!! Paiseh late reply I was sleeping hahaha! he use pencil jab ah?
Ok how you
cant believe it
wht r u doing 2nit?
Ya, but I referred to some documentation in the web.
Aww pangseh again.
K send pravin no
Eh mei... Did u take linear algebra tis sem?
7pm! But you can meet us first if you are early.
Haha yei yei. Figuring out minimax alg with alpha beta pruning.
ll cherish our relationship i promise.
I finish at 4 plus leh...
Okok
Yep...im wkg.
t meet you at simei mrt this coming tue. make it next tue?
Where r u ? U went shoppin wout me... Anythin la, u like den buy, but u will wear meh...
Hey u wan watch unknown at 9plus?
Hahaha what qualifies as sweet?:P hahaha omg I could have calledyou!! Psps!! So how is it now?
Orh ok ok.wats the schedule again ah? <#> ?
K k
Stupid phone
Really? =D IMYMTYMMNR
We going canteen 4 dessert.. Ü wan to come along?
s a registered mail for u to pick up at post office
Hey! Sorry, my mom said you texted me before and I meant to text you.I must've missed the last one... I'll take a look and if I can't, I'llask a friend
Wat time is SAT
Ahha what do you mean I come up with the dream myself? Ain't thattrue for all dreams?
Any or nee or other orders for da pao?
Wah u so kan chiong ar? Haha. Not too bad. Got B+ for capstone. U?
we meet sat morning 1030 at china town mrt to eat berakfast
please start. Leaving now. Need to get petrol.
Hahaha ooo:P dunno hahaha you're close mah!
I'm headed over to check in yo
See?
Hi Andreu, r there any other mails? 2day none in observer ofice. I'l speak 2moro. I got the script i sent. It shud be publishd again. Bye God bles u.
me 24 m malay chinese sarawak. n u?
Sure,  we have applied to DBS and HSBC, aside from ANZ. Thanks!
Okok
Oh dear. She's growing up too fast. Quick stick her back in pigtails!
In enjoyment
I saw your pictures on Facebook! Ya, u look better if u makeup urself..
Hahaha are you srs disown you?!?! Wow hahaha but what if you reallyfall for a girl like that!?! Haha ooo good to sleep earlier!(: inchurch now?
Haha so smart! I'm terrible at physics lor): haha what do you want!:P oh hahaha seeing you is like instant happy pill haha shucks!
Yep!
guess wad sia? i won preview tickets to this korean show! woo hoo!!!! i haven lost all my good luck just yet!
Mr lim, Truman here. Is it possible for our grp to meet you at  <#> - <DECIMAL>  break jus to clarify certain concepts on TIP
*for
Thks!
Sooo
Whoa damn good I feel asleep for the last  <#>  mins! Haha poke me ifyou see me in class, I pass you your jacket! Hahaha I'm just going togo sleep! Ooo I you're msg halfway then fell asleep, just woke up toyour sms! Nah I think I prefer sleep over food now!
Hey, miss where r u
Hahaha you want mooncake?
Oh ok.
I miss all my friends in my school days.
U took my back gate card?
yes i am but you are not getting anything
I vl b always thankful 2 u if u do so trustfuly.
Basic dun have... Only advance... When she wana meet up...
Cya then
Dont know eh. She 4pm end class and probably would go out.
Are you sure you don't mean "get here, we made you hold all the weed"
Can help me buy 羚羊水Or not? 正中平1
dear rem to tap in tap out! sayang my lovely boy
On bus lo bblp
LOL ALL GUYS REALLY? I just received these!! Haha my second last yearjust damn sian ah! Hahaha omg very cute Mr ku and Mr Wang!!!!
Are u busy? why are you not replying.
Ok. U very incoherent eh
Want go swimming tml morning?
Hmm. Nw I at interchange. Come find u?
Wer r u?
Ya i will put in the character, but give me some time cos need to redraw the character to fit the earth.
Guy songs that are fast with my little pony video._. *
Nope just decided to leave earlier? Haha but yeah just in case! I'll call you!
Haha.. Like that ü own me one time to go out keke.. Them mtv award is abt wat one. I mean world wide one ar..
dear i reach the lib le. laogong dun stress! do it like u practising.hee. mugggggs
Yup they are English alphabets.
Berbetti-alu
Ok gd, thats wat every one who replied is saying. Let u noe results later ü
Cos u gf to me only mah lol... oh T.T sob sob sob... sia lah got itfair I dunno sia... u buying wat?
Cme to rm d
laptops
It's okay. Treat us lunch next time can le.
TQ 4 UR NO. JEFF. CALL ME 0166305681 OK?
Uhh i need to fix up quite a bit of mechanical, is the lab open
Yeah haha when you were saying you asked around about it! Hahaokay!(: I hope we work out:P haha hello! haha yeah I really reallyhope we can sit together:P haha go read up on those points ah! gotppt? Can refer to it! Haha >< I thought I might make you thinkotherwise coz I don't say much haha:x hello happy enough!!(:
Hmm I ask my friend after movie got any activity first?? Hehe back tou in  <#> mins??
t wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady.
I'm here le! At meeting room 4 hahaha:P
Lol bobian need to chiong assignment.
I nv use paper clip leh...i left it tore...haha...sep <#>  osa no lorry
Heh such a goofy friend like me is hard to find. ^^
Macho cn i cal dat piano teacher nw?
Hahahah
Weds? I haven wash yet. Ps
haha.. oo. wat time i shld b back? daddy home alr?
Oh no... Sighz... Tampines east rite? Nmind... Zai jie zai li ba... Juz enjoy the game lor... Better luck in the next game! ?
Just took off m'self... see you soon =D
Btw,what time your convo?
Hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost  <#>  bucks. I don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe
I think 2 to 3 weeks frm now ba
Who u
Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, Being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult...;-) :-)
Hmm nope bah.
I busy le. March holidays la
Slap!!!! Weitieng and Karyee damn funny haha they check out of hostelalr then just keep staying on with jiayi!!
I'm in sr7 at com2 lvl 2 and it seems available
s great news. Sorry for the late reply. Left phone in car. Have a goodnight anyways :)
Doubt clear cheythuo
Why lah?
So sorry woke up too late. then forgot to open my hand fon
wow
Haha dunno! Eh I dunno! Oh right I suggested it HAHA. Coz my parentseat there before, say not bad so I want to try!
Nhsbe <#>  4
Yup sure thanks
m busy with é recruits cuz we just had an intake. Got to interview them. Shèésh. Tell me äbt é guy...
Omg did I dc or you? Yeah it was lashing but I'm still in the game!
Chal chakar lagane
Eh I not in sch. At marina promenade, last min got run.
Bout 5 meet pool and swim le eat go back
I'm in highschool library discussing secret stuff
He
Haha coz never fill in the blanks during lesson ma! peifen I think!haha she and the guy I forgot his name liao! Ooo haha yucks! Go startgo!
Prolly
Hey xin... When will u b goin to nus to hand in ur forms...
PI
Nirmal Lakhera added a photo of you on Facebook.  <URL>
Yup.
aiyo! orh
Lvlv
Haha yeah. Go learn recorder for worship hehehehe.
Oh yay hahaha.
Hihi people! Lessons start today 4 pm at meeting room 4 next to hodroom! (: see you!
lun hi ha
Hey dad can I stay over? I wanna gym at sch. Plus I realised thatThursday got cluster outing and Friday got script checking
Thanks a lot.
It's that time of the week again, ryan
I sent you already
Lol thanks ah.
Haha i've done it before! I think I'll go do that later:P but actl Inot very hungry leh! Haha omg I slept for  <#>  hours! I want to seeyou too! What time is your db?
Omg so fast!?
how abt 4pm at s15 lvl 3?
t say tt ü did..hee..he is such an idiot!
Another request. I think look for pro to give credit to the zhou jielun's piano piece at the back right? The name is love life if i'm notwrong.
Ok
Ehh I fell asleep!! Hahaha girl:P maybe you'll become a brony too:Ohaha bring to Japan! You don't like yellow?
Send wrong paiseh. Call us when u reach?
I got cip so staying in sch
Hey, i sent you a testimonial liao... First time writing, bit lousy. Haha... Anything you dun like let or wan to comment abt,let me know k...
Haha u should. Lol.
I guess if we have teams we can team people with knowledgeable other people
m very bored at home... Ü all got anything interesting to do... Haf ü all found a job...
Gudnyt:-P:-O
Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
I know where the  <#>  is, I'll be there around 5
That is pretty awesome. I think my roommates are about to kill mewith this guitar
So how was your day?
Ab for rcb
Her is go
Signed up table tennis doubles :)
Not cart. But not like the big shops. I remembered it doesnt have a roof.
Are you free Friday? =o
Hahahaha. I feeeel the love. :-)
Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
m in science faculty lor... So wat do ya have to do as an armour tech...
Mjhe ek urgent work se ghar jana pad rha hai. Kal milte hai.
yup!! There is sporadic coughing but feeling almost ok.. should befine by tomorrow :-) what did you do today?
Select d day in which u have born. sun, mon, tue, wed, thu, fri, sat...I will tell about your life partner character... Its true. Try it. Now reply me...
queueing...Haha
hope all will be perfect for ur new place!
BAL  <#>
Still i have not checked it da. . .
Thanks :)
Nope its salon4hair. I duno how much. Call n ask lah. When u go cut?
She said meet at <DECIMAL> ..
Thanks da :-)
he is cool... hehe
Haha alright good night!
Yeah of cos we all still at home lol... u reaching?
I m waiting
:-D hokay, let me know soon.
Uhh pick any time after flagraising i go collect from you. I should arrive at ~8
Yay no running.
Did you go to Garrett's?
U all go walk walk first I arrive le call u all
K,at 7pm
Ya. Next week coming.
<#> mins i wil cal you sir.
Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
Sorry for late reply. I might be away in Dec so I can't commit at the moment.
m going back too... tks... :)
I don't see entrance fee?
I had a miss call  <#> mins ago from your number, may I know what istthis regarding about?
What you doing?
Where should I go then? We could meet in sproul
What? So we need to present today?
ok...gd nite!!
That's good, because I need drugs
Probably not haha
ok see u later
O see!
You sure I sent to you? When u received de? How come I got no sent msg history
But he's out?
Hi happy birthday. Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
Merry chirstmas!
Hahaha your sis playing lor! Wow haha I wonder if mine is high!
Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
we talk so much for the first time. nice time chatting wif u . thanx for ur support. i see u on tuesday.
Thurs night meaning 5th August? Paiseh juz checked Hp.. bh said 7th?
Any prob with me
m so dirty... Sci won one award. I forgot which. Biz won the most awards. And the best overall. Like 6 awards i think
Yes. Just right now!
Haha let's try tpy first?
Aa ja intrvw k liye. It is okay. Ankit
good afternoon did you had your lunch?
Mark is driving me insane. HELP!!
I ll come in 5
windows ke liye to ek hi ha
Sorry, I'll call later
Pepper lunch or mac up to u! Lol... wa good for u! Lol
Ok la... Den mum and papa leh... V ask em dey wan anythin anot den msg me again...
Hey thank u and wish u the same... How come I didn't see u in church....
Btw hows the drive
Shun git
I loooooooooooove u so so much my baobei
Soh wat time meet at Jurong 2moro
Block 3?? Or uncle noodle?
Ndp lo 3days una
Orh! I go continue watching my show first. Drink water ah.. talk toyou later:-)
For night games.
SOCIAL MEDIA ASSIGNMENTOther hw?Take out meat to cookRainboots under jeansMSWallet!
Steamboat 6, gift exhange  <#>
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
They keep arguing leh.
Yea they are here. Thks a lot
Okay see you Mr lee
Hmmm... U replied oredi ma, i invited u liao... Hmmm, wat show...
Kk reaching in 5 mins. Meet at boarding office!
assignment mail kar raha ho...question likh lena
Nope, I at np.
Bye see you
Ok..u meeting up with Ben?
I've made a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm liao.
Ooo what??? .com?? Icic! Hahaha yeah it's very relaxing!!
Hehe ji me to  <#>  saal ka hu n m0st pr0bably aap  <#>  ki bs th0da dikhne me gadbd he:-D.. Dikhne se me shadi shuda lagta hu;-(
Good evening! How are you?
Flim star
Hi have u sent me your part of EE?
Kk
Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
Tdy sit further back.
Girl: how much do you love me ?Boy: mera dil mobile hai or tum uski sim.Girl: god me kitni lucky huboy: thank god usse nahi pata ki mobile dual sim ka hai.
so on. I havent got on a bus how 2 go 1st lah? I think u go 1st la?
Hmmm... Can lor... Den might as well eat in town lor... All meet at orchard den... Thk town shld have duck rice...
If your not busy only ok..
Hey i brought camera... If you are bored we can take photos!
Beside my desk on the floor.
Wat the. Tt is quite easy wad. The tough one starts at slime king
Dr Lim, will you be in the office at about 6pm today?
s ex la...I dun haf any ex by e name of david k...Höhò. Today i last day...Höhò...Waiting 4 u to treat me tmr. So sweet...!
Go ECP to jog -> Strong winds -> Fly stunt kite instead (Y)
Ya
Is it? I really dont know. If cannot add then nvm bah.
I outside lec le
im on my way
U also Tue arh? Then shld be next week lo this week only got wed and Fri
Who's chars
You do got a shitload of diamonds though
No maga nt yet dwnloaded completely
Jeff lol
Lol wah tats like super long ago sia.Bo bao got leh.
Nice.
Anna gd mrng!Ur cake is wit me.If u r cumng 2dy i can gv u da.Im going 2 bathroom mw.V'l contct later.Bye.Gbu
Or a rice sock
Captain vijaykanth is doing comedy in captain tv..he is drunken :)
Can go find now!
Haha thanks!!
Oh ya! Hahaha next next week is holidays already! Hahaha
Kk just started journey too
good morning darling
Be sure to check your yahoo email. We sent photos yesterday
Eh one more hour? Still on way to lot one
Bhai r0l numbr shayad galat he phrse chk kr
my house. loud and crazy. 7 kids. only 2 biys( including noble). ha ha evry 1 i kno has grls
Ok i almost done. U change already?
Okay... Did you bring water?
Shld b enough lah.. If not den can continue another day..So we go on wed..
how was your exam?
Yep
Where are you lover ? I need you ...
wow that's fast! Thanks! If u think I'm going too fast, too slow, orgot any qns, pls ask. Whenever u encounter difficulty can just sms oremail me. My email is  <EMAIL> .
Wah she become same agn?
i meet you for lunch later k??
Nope... But gel is
Wah p
I'll ask if you can pick up the stuff, but if I don't do it now it'llbe  <#>  more. Still need a router. There's a library and campus, isshe going to die for a day?
Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
Okay (:
Hi Ricky, can you call Serene at KHK Asia  <#>  to arrange for theright timing to have the bathroom fixtures and 3rd floor bathtub andrain shower delivered?  Thanks.  Please note that the filler of thetub is the same as the waste knob itself (please ask serene to clarifyif unsure).  The 2nd floor bathtub also will use a basin filler, asdiscussed earlier.
Haha okay see you! Thanks (:
Haha I tot u say koi so many pple... in  <#>  le so fast? Lol
Lols I will rem
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Oh... Haha, u thk leh...Long hair la... Gee, dun wan to fren me oredi izit...
Happy new years!
Hmmm tmr or sat lor?
Okay.
I'm soaking wet hahaha:P
Sometimes in life we feel so blue, but someone somewhere is not happy as you.somewhere far at the border when a soldier sleeps, missing his loved ones he silently weeps. somewhere a mother painfully sighs coz, her new born baby didnt open her eyes. somewhere a poor dad silently cries, when he sees his son begging for a bowl of rice. somewhere in an orphanage a little gal is sad, when she misses hr mom n dad. so at times a reason 2 smile u may not have any, say to yourself dat u are happier dan many. 'cause life is beautiful and its nt always blue, n someone somewhere is not as happy as you...|<-]-
Maybe 5pm leh
A day is going to end again. It is nice to have a friend like U making my everyday seems so great. Thank U my good friend lastly gd nite n sweet dreams...
Terrible!! I'm very unfit now!
Ga! I want to soo bad!
Yea I tink so ba
t have asked u
Hmmm.ganguly?
Hokay.. I'm coming
Haha. Okay. I see first. No lah. Cfm grp together. Just fyi, seetenggot consulting and she's going to appeal proj management.
Haha evil much!! His phone not so nice, so I should let him play! (:haha can make effort too meet up de! ns hahaha gonna become buff! Oooicic wow that's so awesome! Do you use it often? I have an espressomachine, but we haven't used it for years! Hahahahaha noo i'm notnuggets!
Ya
Everyone's mugging. Ok i'll walk to lab too
Btw, i think e com lab which we used to print our sys proposal willbe use for e survey tml leh. I'm going at 2pm. I'm not sure whether ifwe can find a place to print tml.
Okie np
Kaif waste.
Nip
Oh gosh. I try spamming calls at her.
Ok thanks!
Happy birthday to ü ...... May all yr wishes come true. Work hard for yr A levels and never give up! Take care always...
no i at home le. haha. when u finish then call daddy lor
Oh press too fast haha
Oops die i forgot... I help u c next wed...
Poke u. LG eat le. U ?
like 14 really!
hee. ok. must remind me ar. i love love u so much too. today hug u sso comfy
<#> episodes per season. Each episode is depicts the events of an hour in a day. So one season actually depicts the events of one day. I am leaving now too.
Haha then you still want your koi?
Excellent!
Like??
Awake?
You have to tell.
msn, online
hmmmm... massage for 4 pax?
Don't 闹出人命！- ryan
Post! "Bitch don't make me write you out if this story. I will NedStark your ass." -Fakir
tmr going to baibai my grandfather. i come over on sunday can?
Hahahahaha yeah I have 7 things to complete today just die haha!let's walk from dairy farm to timo's house!
i am feeling sick today. please come home to meet me
Okay. Becoz mon ends at 3pm right. I don't know eat lunch or dinneralso. Haha. I'll drop u the link of the website in case u drive orwhat. No need thanks. Ownself pay ownself de, my name is not limchunmin. Haha. Oh ya, u know sylvia taking mno <#>  with us also leh.Haha.
Do not go out . here it pours . if it stops raining I go out later
me stay at jurong west i oso alone.
With yuan han!!
OH YUCK WHAT IF IT'S BROWN IN LARGE QUANTITIES. HAHA CRAZY OMG WHY HE SO SMART
Haha yea oh its another test not retest! Haven't decide my retestdate yet haha :x I cannot contact Liu for my Chinese ): haha so fast Iwant to go home too! Haha ooo enjoy!
hello,how are you?
Paiseh. Ya can.
Haha^^ and you are my awesome boyfriend who takes very good care ofme!(: oh yeah show! Oh my Swype is terrible): haha <3 hahaha okay! Youshould sleep soon too! Goodnight!!(:
No la. Morning cofee does thst. Hee. Misssss u. Cant wait to hold u.
So where we eating? whose going?
*looking
Today? Cant la, i din even brin e notes out...
Yup... I will be going with my hall.
Yeah my sister! Just had dinner. You?
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Thks. $ <#>  for ez link too
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Okay
Mummy ka cal aa rha tha to galti se tmko lag gaya.
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Ps. Is tok xue qi, not tokyo..So how?
Come back soon
Okie... sob sob sob... my mum will be so sad too lol... anyway Mondaygot the study arh  <DECIMAL>  to  <#> ... u want me cancel it for umah
Nope
Yar chal na aj meri h0liday he.. K0shsh to karna bahar ane ki
Hi Dr Lim, I think I will collect it next Monday.  What time would be better?
Wat time u meeting ur bro ?
Yeah it's quite complete
Haha I now then walking over... ya cya at library
Ask glen catch some give Joel fish tank thks
Lol the ho called and asked where everybody was, now only 3+ people there :/ I may go over after I'm done, I think you should just go too
idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
Omw home now fyi
You with michelle?
Hmmm s
Hey 2moro till wat time
=D I still think it'd be fun for us to try to conlang together..waaaaay better than SLUgS haha
Lols I got art... Nvm Alex Jon and me will be free
Häha... I wanted to take ùr watch... B grateful i din... Hee...
Call back
Can can no problem :D
Hi Huy, philip is already there on the fourth floor.  You may want togo over to Com1 to talk instead.
I will be late....
Haha jyjy! I hope you can find a nice one! I know you paid for it, Ijust counted my money._. tmr I pay you back okay! Sophie lost herwallet, now we slacking in her room while she trying to find!
Dnt u need ur drss ?
Im meeting tt later at 5 though. Possible to do it other times?
Yes. U interested in master o common room? Avail  <#>  dec.
Lets go for lunch
I not sure le Lewis  just asking date :/ ps. When u free
Alright. Thanks. I shld be paiseh for e inconvience caused. Haha.
Hi Ricky, we'll meet you at IMM tomorrow at  <#> n.  Thanks.
Dear dear ur family got drink pink guava juice? I thinking of buyingthis or orange and mango..
Ohh and i'm bathing, not eating lunch yet! Forgot to return you money!
Yea watch what?? Benten? I do watch!! Hahahaha!
Finishing 5+. Not 6. Call you later.
Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy
I asked 1st! Eh I may b kayaking le ^^
please ! 10pm channel 5
Tink another  <#>  mins raining heavy traffic jam
Aunty I reached home already. :-)  go eat more, I think u still hungry. Hee
Morning pig ~~~ my pocket money just increased!!!!!
I was at chem lab... 5 hour experiment...
You at mu? You should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and I are trying to figure out our weed budget
But not as late as him!!!
Ohh okay le! Wth, why would I be!? Slap!! Haha ooo how then! I just unpacked!
I too excited already. When u finish
Party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
Oops. Ok. I rush over now. Forward u all the updated version of pestand vrio so maybe can discuss the efas and Ida's first.
yup..
Itna jaldi ji th0di der baat to karo.. New new d0st hu th0da jada khayal rakh0;-(
ya sure.  Let me know when you reach
I am in clas
Who coming
I'll send you some soon
where you want to go ?
Yes. Bbq where
Ok can.I told Joel then.
Capgemini interview download app  <URL>  send to  <EMAIL>
I miss you too babe
Hahaha nope never download the app
lol. i was asking, nt suggesting. so meeting tmr confirmed already?or shift to wed/thur like <name> mentioned in email
Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
Then at night wat time end?
Ok.. I will come there now.. :)
Is ours good? Out of how mch.  <#>   <#>   <#>
Wksht 2c quest 5
Hey!!! Aft I move out of hostel, you sure v happy le right:P morning btw!
Sounds great! Im going to sleep now. Have a good night!
Nevr expect thngs 2 happn..Struggle n mak dem happn.. Nevr expect urself 2 b gvn a gud value. Create a value of ur own.ge - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Ya.
Ah vincent, I just need to show you the ropes. That's all.
Wanna meet up tomoro afo for brunch?
Nice!
Srsly? I said good morning to you and u say it spoils ur morning?Sigh I'm so sad.
=o no cake or anything?  Should u make you a cake? =o
Hey, HQ ask me to submit a list of ppl who want to cont working after <#> th. Are u interested?
Ok...
Yes,no problem :-)
Where are u
Han teri kya baat hai..haha
^^
Hey pink... U got license liao... Yeah, can drive us ard...
Me (shungit)
Anna gud mrng,pls relod my number da..pls do. Bye.hav a nice day.tc.god bles u. -bab??
No. it's past  <#>  already. Anything you do past  <#>  will be recorded down.
soon hee
Ha
Lol no problem actually I also haven't been gg
Lol no lo is 5 to  <DECIMAL> ! I just login and check one! Which oneu cancelled sia I tink.u cancelled wrong one is it! Lol
He refuse to wake up. He chased me out.
Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
s da decision?
Sorry de i went to shop.
Closing Balance in Savings A/C XXXXXX <#>  as on  <#>  Oct  <#>  is INR  <DECIMAL>  Cr (Clearing cheques subject to realisation).
Hey sign up for standard chartered debit card at Cl. They give freemovie ticket. No strings. Tell I referred, might get extra free stuff
Far wer r u
Mirapakaya moive lo una
Are u coming to the funeral home
At 7 we will go ok na.
hey when u free nxt wk to meet up for dinner?
Are you free on  <#>  for bible discs at  <DECIMAL>  pls.
reaching busstop le.
I wan black but is it low waist a not... But i cant buy things oredi cos muz save money... How... Ü eat dinner liao?
Nice! So did he suggest meeting six hours now? =P
Nice!! Shiok
U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? Come lar...
I know that my friend already told that.
Sian. can't risk my other subjects lah. Oh yah i'm not going to signinto msn until after exams haha really running away from societyheehee
Haha heng you remembered if not I will start ringing your phone. Hehalright eh rest well. Good night!
Haha... I almost forgot... Wah... Ü take soooo long to reply my msg ?
Ya that one is slow as poo
Uhhuh probably LOL
Cant answer am in transit.
Lol no eh just slacking.
hee. but (i think) i kw why all the tut slots diff le.
Yoyo ryan say should be can ah, I ask him check with the rest whetherthey can make it, when does jiayi need the numbers? It's  <DATE>right?I just hope I got enough energy to study haha:P
Ok...i'll check out ur file...if u still have the soft copy then uemail me lor...thanx a lot!
Weiqi on today? If not, i go home at 6pm after tut
t b 2 ex.
i will be late tomorrow..can i meet u directly at marche instead???
Hey 2moro u got sch?
Tere dil ka dard kis ne dekha ha, "Nargis"...,Sab kanjar hain, sirf mammay dekhte hain...!
Hardly lol
Paw paw
Help yeah
nope ... im jus thinking out loud ..
Maybe not dinner. Cus my coughing got worse over the days. Havent recovered yet.
Lols he got Chinese. Okay set cya
When u all wan 2 c?
Hey. Call me when u r done.
.
Hi mr andu...Can u remembr me? I'm ur sis 'baba'.... *FREE Diet tips til Sep  <#> . Rs.2+tax/daily applies after*
Pack it now!!!!!
Oh now u will dun want me when i become fat... Now i noe liao
Haha yeah is it ryan? Lol
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Haha thanks! Finish le! Shld be ok haha... won't die too badly
Oh no why!
How do college professors speak desi English: 1. Don't talk in front of my back... 2. Both of you three get out of the class... 3. Why are you so late? Say yes or no... 4. Take five c.m. copper wire of any length... 5. I have two daughters. Both of them a
Sry missed ur SMS yesterday. The recommendations done le. But the 2ndpage I dunno what else to write..u go see in ivory..
What're you gonna do?
Quite i go myself or u pick.
Yeah, door's unlocked
Yup
No. I.ll meet you in the library
Haha how you going to get the tents if the key not with you? Hahaalways kena cheated): yeah! Can sleep in peace too! Ooo then sat goout, still got enough time anot? yeah omg she damn pro!!  <DECIMAL> kwords in a night!! Haha I can't just leave:/
Eh...?
Hi. Please send any changes u have to the dropbox. Thx
<DECIMAL>
Velaka msg chei chesta
would you be in town later ?
No problem, will pass u the money for the curry puff tmr along with the fees
K. I will sent it again
Com canteen!!!
KEEP QUIET NOTHING COMES AS EASY AS YOU
Okay. Noted.
See if have other days dev
Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
Now at harbour front. Come douby ghaut  meet us 7 ppl not balanced team
Aunty I reach home le. :-)
<#>  nly.
Hmm nope eh lol. Not in my contacts.
Hurts again? Rest! Yeah not much time left to exercise mah
Hahaha okay (: maybe scary!?!?! How can it be scary!?!?!?
Am at central forum
Wat r u doing?
CIP was boring but at least got one of the filipino volunteer to chat with. Apparently the volunteer was classmates with Alister previously in philippines LOL. Slightly hungry but think I am going to exercise before having dinner.
Ya . . .
Kyu Aj ofc nhi hai kya?
Yo... are u in the LT ?
Hi guys I need your nric, home address, home telephone! (:
I extremely tired now. Limbs all no strength. On my way 2 Jap, later have 2 ask abt e exams matter. Quite worried tt I would peng shang tt rude woman. Anyway,..
so lovely
We're on our way to get the truck.. whenever you get up, the newtenants said they'd help clean so I guess your could ask them to ifyou want... they have to move their stuff anyway right?
Glad to hear it went ok. Yes, unfortunately that's exactly the day ofthe workshop,  so guess that you'll have to handle it alone again.Sorry: ( :(
Hee  take ur time dearrst
Aj coll ayi?
Heart to heart speech! Oh what the. msn sucks. You went offline damnearly to me!
s bdae at west coast park..meet 12at clementi ctrl stn if ü wan lunch..If not go to e park ürself...btw those wif bic
play starcraft online?
:-( security guard said it changed to orogold.
T.T
Quickly get to class
So when does ür term starts again? Any plans for ür holi?
i will get that money...
Hey dude sorry man..today looks very busy... I will let you knowaround 3.. else we must meet tomorrow or day after
Eh i think so... Wah you start studying already? I need to copy your lect notes leh... Haha
<#>  North Bridge road
Ard 8
Oh no. Cramps?
Haha okayyy! Yeap he did! As in, Chris Christine semi Chester and me!Haha okay! Find a nice one!
Haha so how was it?
Wow so nice!! Hahaha then you can earn back what you spent on thebraces liao LOL.
Today I no class, though I have something on tonight.
Rachaaaeeellll I love you!
Ya
Hmm..I meet u at lot one k
I took train! Omg I was 2 hours late!
Ok (:
Do u wan to join us on wed? Goin to expo.
Cus they need go visit my ah ma den my dad flying at night
Reach sch soon! Thanks!(:
K give me a sec, breaking a  <#>  at cstore
Lols can check wad
K..cts test easy?
Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
What time did you leave last night x
Lol I thought it's the earth hour thingu
oh really?? tats great news! congrats!
Hey please bring mine. The new green bag.. I ll be at a talk.. so Ill come to ucc at 5 directly
Haha then its ok, cause I was thinking wad to addons, mine not enough words.
Bui wat free electives u wan to take huh? I still need one from a1 to a6 u wan to take tog?
Hahaha you indirectly did.
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Did she say anyth else? Hahaha interesting!
YAH THAT'S THE PROBLEM! Its at the top of my butt!!! I think its the seat!!
Yo yo, supper tonight  <#> pm yassin 好吗?
Woot thx lol.
Never mind lah.. I try to find things to do..
Eh my box got bring hor?
Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
dear i go mpsh look see cateer fair.. :-*
Prof also don't want to show effort ar? Haha. Okay lah. I go find u all!
U bringing ur dog?joan say she wana c ur dog.
At hm alr
Haha I appreciate that more than I can say xP
I'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
Nope hahha, was it fun?
Lavender lor...
Hey... We comin home liao...
At least according to my classmates who went and the other people in my CL3 group
Ya but that one shorter mah lol... and dun need memorize a lot  thatpart... haha of cos! I shld reach on time lol
Or I don't mind doing the whole thing too... if its hard to split
We 3 people need to take bus rehh.
Went to eat wif parents wad.
Who u calling? Haha..
Tuesday. I
Just left hl hse
Bhai kaha par ho abi?.. Zambia ya india?
Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
Hi pat my class doesn't have the shirts T_T
Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ <#>  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything.
wanna study together later? Peifuen coming.
kk. muacks. juz bathe out.
Got ready?
Yes! Haha. Very clever. Oh ya, yesterday got eat ur Med?
K. can meet ard 6 lor.
Majak kr rha tha.
Mm what special
The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.
Ya he's here now
I bought one black sports pants 4 u... 15 bucks...
I'll buy 3 coupons tmr lah. Go with teck guan too. If possible,monday? Haha. Anyway, the coupons are valid for 3 months lah.
Eh say who! I compose now and send.u before I sleep! Muhahaha.... ohya hor tml u going kbox so good! Happy singing!
Whoa, already?
R u buzy
On the way to get your mug btw! (:
Haha.. I'm so borrrreeeedddd! :x hehe
Where are you now?
his mouth is big
its all over. i will not call you. you can find your way.
K I'll head out in a few mins, see you there
Nah wat time u playing mj? Jasmine ask is she included?
ve sth on, i g? back first. Take a good rest
What doing.
Ok Mr lee
Is there anything on on  <#> th july
Ok! Dnt realize ur lesson till 7. Kiss u
Oh no! D=
Ya... Okie, both of us goin... Wat time?
I've never seen bleach... but death note is awesomeeee... and mybreak is awesome, yours?=D
Hee! Had a wonderful day today dearest   ! Kisses
Hi wanna chat?pls sms me at 99853267 thanks n see u...
Hi tomorrow there's a wedding mass at  <TIME> pm. We wil be practicing for sunday mass befor that at 4pm.Please be present.Please reply. Thanks. Tc. C u all tomoro.
how r you?
Lol lies~ hahahahahaha
alright. Thanks for the advice. Enjoy your night out. I'ma try to get some sleep...
Hey 2moro how u going school
Quite easy de! Go go! I can read but cannot understand though! Hahahatrain chinese xD
In rehearsal.. will call back in an hour. Sorry
Noise*
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Hahaha she doesn't look like she won ms Singapore!  Hahaha yea its somicroscale! She's a cute girl hahaha next time show you her pic! Hahaokay lah but only coz of the company!
Ok thanks lol. You packed liao?
Good pick.
Pls give me..
Is the two exam papers one I think!
I am in Alagu
Good question. She's demoralised because leg too big.
This is just to test whether this function is working as it seems to be for the honours year project of Analysis of SMS efficiency
Train! Kiss!you!soon!
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
On the way
Oye din me chalte he
Intel board & cpu :  <#>  4 gb ram :  <#>  hard disk :  <#>  dvd :  <#>  cabinet :  <#>  speaker :  <#>  service chrges :  <#>  total :  <#>  adv :  <#>  old pc :  <#>  balance :  <#>
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
>
But dun worry... We can still meet up often... So r u still plannin to go uk?
Yeap ok what time is it ah?
Oh I in class now
Haha yeaps fun!! Thanks:D ehh I can't pass her today leh, i'm wearingit now! Unless she's in sch aft convo?
Hahaha no!!! I dunno if you heard, just now when I called my parents,I told them I dowan supper, end up they still buy lol so no choicehave to eat! hahaha my bro was very neutral, my dad ask where did wego to get, my grandma ask me wear it out to show ppl LOL. haha yeap!!If ryan is happy chibi is happy too (: i'm lazy to turn on my com:Pjust bathe finish hahaha!
Ok
Bring 2 paper napkins
Hey hey (: I dun have cp so it's alright! (:
Oh no SORRY I should've called when I woke up!!
Those ducking chinchillas
are u in ur room? what is ur room no?
BTW tonight eating in sch?
Amway ka courier aya?
=(=(=(=(
Sent u an updated class diagram!
How come?
nai daini karle jo karna ha
U reach home den let me noe lah..
Lols yh sj not in?
Bring money
2 naughty
Er ya that's the problem, I forgot ._. It might be on my table in my room!
Nope why eh?
So if in future i want a free haircut, i nd to get e slip of paper from u rite...
Crucify is c not s. You should have told me earlier.
Yeah! Maybe we can make a fob medley =P I've been playing a loooottt
Eh.. left  <#>  I think
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
to ya icq. u mean icq charge us? even i send to ur phone, oso wil charge wad..
Serious? Bring your gf? I've got seats for 2. Got another 3 of myfriends though.
Orh see you (:
Noleh, we didn't. Haha. Chunmin came out with a better idea. She wentto film today.
Okay. Thanks!
Will see will see..Will let the world know if i come to Mumbai *as if*
Another color lar... Muz b dun haf rite... Then look 4 others lor...
:-) walk carefully arh! Muacks
Lols okay den yh won't be alone lols
R u coming from ur house?
OH I'M SURE >:(
Hahaha :D ... by the way whose car was it?
Ah im setting out already
Hi ricky, sorry missed out discussing with you items 5 & 6 on glassmeasurement.  Need to confirm with you that they are coming on  <#> ndmonday evening.  Is that confirmed?
Cb and the 1 for 1 nuggests ran out.
Okie
Please don't use your frustration with Savannah as a reason to get mad at me
YOU BETTER.
another day lor.. sorry..
Kaha pe he bhai
You go back le?
Hi ms woo, I reached le! (:
You know what hook up means right?
ll tell her lor.
Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
no not tday nxt week though?
maintenance technician hw abt u?
hi friends good evening
Haha it doesnt seems like that to me.
Sorry!! As in all of us can't go le haha):
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them & say, I'm always correct.!
Haha okay hope he let you take then!! (: wow until cny is 2 months! haha jyjy!
what time you finish your work ?
m in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
Dear you got bring umbrella ma? Or u still at home?
Hey ple...Going for ethos camp?
Where izzit? No swimming though!
dun remember,i change my password.
Hey ask any of ur frnds whether they want carpidem t.shirt medium size
Okay
s all  fake one lah. some more, i think university  study too busy laio lah where got energy to do that ?
Terrible pig!
Car ninte aano airportil pookan?
says the  <#>  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  <#> . Still waiting for that check.
My hair clean
No players. Cannot play.
<3 u too dearie!
a meeetup would be good. btw, i'm asking my sis to help with thedesign, shld be ok wif u?
Up stage
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Hi da:)how is the todays class?
Madam, I'm coming to your home, pls wait.
Going!
Received the image I sent?
Haha! Not jollibean? I spent too long putting on contacts. Might b late
Hi Andreu, i need the number of the tamil party. This is sinhala party. May God bles u
R u busy? V r on the way 2 ravanella n diyaluma. I'm joining 'cause of anna. Last time too he was disapointed 4 i didnt agree 2 go anywhere. V mis u a lot. When u come 4 x'mas v'l go on a short picnic. Others r querying about ur absence. May God bles u. Bye. Let ne kno when u shift
Hahaha i'm damn far from your house now can! And SEE YOUR MUM!? Thatis really very random!!
I loff yew too
T.T no!!! I have to wake up at 6 tmr):
Sure ah.. My dear, i wait for u... Where is e test?
CLASS IS INTRESTING:-)
Got eat medicine and drink water? Heheh
At where? Do i noe any of ur law frens?
s okay then... I understand. -- wl
For cse sneha also yesterday accident
Sorry.. but i pass ya notes to u after ur driving can?
Sup ?
You really would have. I miss you so much! =(=(
Where u
Alright! See you
Hokay!
Very entertaining
Okay. We still got ruyi house to go eh.
Nearest sheng siong? Or ntuc also can actually. As long as the thingsare cheap.
Ok
I know. I am alone too. Quickly sleep and you wont feel lonelyanymore. Sorry about not giving you your slow dance tonight.
U got any plans tml?...
Ok...
Hello I see ur Facebook status. Can send me ur scvs?
Thanks.
Yeap
Hey, TG and i don't mind presenting. U give him a reply asap bah.
Haha or just get me soya bean jiu okay. Heh
Nice smuggling so many ppl
STM leh. Rmb? Haha. Not bad. I've friends from that jc also. I thinkben wants to go to nyp so u better avoid that if u choose to changeyour mind on entering jc. Perhaps gary will meet him when he goes tonyp for his lunch! Haha. Ajc ppl like to go nyp to eat one.
Eh no 3pm.
Rghtangle/stackable female headers most important
Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
I'm not making you a sandwich!! Haha nope go home by myself lor!
Oh is it:P maybe coz my cluster very quiet bah! haha okie reach homesoon and safe! Haha okay I will!(:
ll keep waiting..
Icic...
Okay thks
I ignored quite a lot of people what.. Double date? You mean mf+yx and me+stacy? You can get attached to people,just gotta handle things well enough.
Thanks.  See you then.
He z nt attendng my cal. Dnt wory. I vl mak him 2 luv u.. U wont loss him.
Heee? we.are the most fortunate couple!! Hee.
Kk u will pass by the multipurpose sports hall before reaching Yusoffishak house. It's uphill.
come safety
Love you back ?
Haha omg are you freaking serious hahaha!!! Later he go jio her thenbingjie angry!! Hahaha her sis in year 1 looks super alot like her!They have the same stare and pout omg! Haha nice! Jyjy! Explainlater!!
Gotta put that boarding reflection sheet into Wujiong's pigeon hole today.
Heee. Laopo!! Im the luckiest guy. Kisss and hugs
Sorry just asked
lend me 100 bucks.
Me coming
Hey, can u guys make it tdy at 5pm?
Aiyo...Pirated lah...Or download...
Now at nydc eat cake with william n sandy. I just got to noe my friends did well for exam, now v demoralise..
s quite nice lor... Cos half price... Buy ah?
Yup... Are you coming? Your sis can concentrate ah... Haha... Or flirting. Dont think abt it anymore... Concentrate on your other papers okay?then we go chinat
K
Haha serious? Okay.
Aa
Nope. He just got it because he could
A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied "Boost is d secret of my energy" n instantly d girl shouted "our energy" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8
Yea. I finished my day 3 :D
Gher keb ja rahi?
K tisukuna
Well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing
powerful than Yang Zong Bao. Just now heard Fish RU GUO YOU YI TIAN on MTV, v. nice!
Ok
Bro ask u to pick me?
Ya, I asked them le, waiting for reply.
Phone died
ll present nxt mon ma. Den was wonderin how come not on fri lor...
Yea... $ <#>
LOL so you know candidate key liao then wont stress meh?
Ger ah,postin out le lei.ü back oriedi?
Paiseh left phone at home to charge
Machi Savadikaranga da.
Haha yeah in living room to sleep now!
good morning !!
=(( hao bah.
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Do ü noe if ben is going?
jar
Kyu late hoga?
Why so serious
Ami jodi ekhan thke eka2 jete pari 2,asteo parbo.2i eshe ki krbi?2k ekta prblm bollam,ami parchina bolei2.tateo 2i e2 bahana maris.its ok dat u r busy,bt e2 chawa ta hy2 overexpctatn na
Dun like also haha! Cluster outing?
Haha okay okay sorry about it. Happy birthday btw :-D
Kk.
Anyway only dip sir and Daa ll be taking classes tomor others ll leave us free la so only bunking
Ooo okay thanks! so we reach at  <#>  can right?
Aww sorry nope bah.
Okie.. Does unna hv it?
<DECIMAL>  meet downstairs?
whats is ur mind?
Ya lo then I treat u won't xing teng mah lol... since when u not feellazy one =p... haha cos all want to build their muscle mah lol...
Did you start
<#>  SECONDS PRAYER: Lord, thank you for this great day! i love u and need you to come into my heart. Do bless me, my famly, my home, my work and my fRIEStrong people know how to keep their life in order. Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say "I'm ok" with a smile. Send this to a strongpNDS. Something good will happen to you at  <TIME>  in the afternoon tomorrow something you have been waiting to hear. This is not a joke. Someone will call yerson. I just did. God is good. Change is coming. God saw your sadness and said hard times are over. If you believe in Him send this to ten people includou by phone or will speak to you about something that you were waiting to have. Do Nt break this prayer. Send it to a minimum of 5 person. ing me. Watch what happens in thirty minutes! Be honest and send this to anyone who made you smile this year.:)It may surprise you how many you get back.
Hmmm.summa only.
Where u at?
Hey let me know when you're home
thanks channel5 for this great show you guys rock!
Coo'
Haha okay I go down see see look look.
Thot he mia.
Thanks
Yah lor, now no one disturb so easier to do... Somemore got tut too...
Contraction line ...
This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
R u girls goin to have lunch b4 going?
Post!
Dr Dharshani wants me 2 point out verses frm psalms 4 her 2 read. Can u mark a few?
Baby I love you! Happy Valentines day! Sorry about this morning. Meetme in my trade at break! Youre amazing
Joel ask you go his house!
:D dynamite on class  <#> !
Htcdroid
Pls let me know the preferred timeslot for mno <#> . Thanks.
Ki re rag korechish
Call me, i am senthil from hsbc.
t want that one?
Haha... Okay... Sure thing must carry around sch ah....
Wat i cnt undrstnd it ?
Goodnight ^^ -hugs-
5 more minutes to northpipint. Muuacks
hey where is the tiramisu u promised? when is ur last day of exam? long time no c u liao...
Yo meeting up for studies today?
Alright thanks for informing. Good night!
K:)k:)
Wah so late eh?
Honey, I'm coming home... Dont worry!
Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
How r u 2day R u keen in art n music
Lunch loh. Ya okay, i told them le.
Dear watching Criminal minds? :*
pigo! how are u?
Ohh okay! (:
Hah it's jinpeng's event rightttttt
Haha data entry lol. Mrs lim pei lin requested for it.
Home will make u feel good and happy and try to improve ur skills
Bronies and SPAAAAACE on the grafitti wall. And i swear it was brilliant that i didn't bring my camera.
jordan,can u sms me again? deleted ur number.
Oh eating at home then? Haha i'm like at swensens nom.
Yes:)
Reached yishun.. coming over now
I thought he was too. I was gonna be so pissed
Avaliyae kaelu!
Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
Heeeee.catch catch catch!  U make me smile!! Dadingding! Show me urteeth! Muack Ss. Pssst.
Izit... How come so fast got stress liao, haven really start studyin yet... So which hall u stayin in?
Later take supper
My roommates LOL paiseh hahaha!
m in e lazy mode today.
Hey u bout  <DECIMAL>  like that come?? I almost ok le, then ah Koralso preparing.
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Huishan, harbourfront at purple line rite?
please meet me outside lt27 to get your stuff.
Yup.
All die ah? Including orange one?
Shaohao sohjie edwin me and 3 other ppl
Sooooorry, I slept through my alarms
<#>
s pressie later?
But I still can see his pic. He look jus as big as now le
Yes. Come come. You got the mac coupon?
How much are we getting?
Why?
hey are you here yet?
That s gr8 :-) so . Any idea of goin home :)
hello teasting...
Aiyo
Hahaha lynette working leh. Mai laaa
Andu she's nt answring the cl.I'v sent a mesg.V'l c smetimes she may rply.
Ok lor...scare rain or the track very wet...wat time?
OH OOPS. COMING DOWN NOW LOL
Lik wad lols
Have you started?
Ok can..
What's that!!!
Hello all any one working?
Hahaha good job! AND YOU COULD BE CHESTER LOVESXUEYI NG
K
Wish you and your family a Happy and Prosperous Year  <#> . Mahanil & family.
Wazup?
"Within every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Hmm.. Okay. Maybe the rest will be late too. Anyway, i brought anumbrella and it's not raining that heavily over here. I presumed sincei'm somewhere near. Haha.
Mam stay here.
Its your right.
Heehee coz they're easy to type!! hahaha omg nice!!!! Ehh I dun thinkso I just wore it ytd and left it at home SORRY!!!!
I am in tirupur.  call you da.
No... u where now
Dear wan meet yew tee?  Hee. I wan to faster see u.
Rain, u stil here?tis s mi number 94327849.msg 2 mi or call,ok?
Haha post on her Facebook! She'll reply one! Hahaha I thought yunimight come online often, since she talked to timo before! Hahaha howdid it get to Mako asking us whether we're tgt on Sunday night! Hahahamaybe coz I mentioned shichan then you mentioned that! Hahaha but socool!!
Lols I can't go ps
m not driving today.
Hey what r u doing.
Cos her tuition will end late lor...Wat time wil ur b in town den... Cos i thgt of watchin how to lose a guy in 10 days oso...
Call me later
Haha up to u, lol. Hehe
Ok message me before u come.
So wat time gym
My roommates/friends <name> and <name> and some crazy druggy bitch lol
Of cos e one in my toilet la... Tt one den correct wat..
Daddy, later no need fetch
S:)
That sounds so awesome! I'm way too excited!
The smell of spices on the bus is overbearing...
Ooo interesting haha! I walked so much until my feet damn pain haha!Aiyo nvm one lah! Hahaha it was like the second last movie for thenight in sg!
No way
Yea. But pk kena mobilization.
You're not gonna miss me?
I have another tutorial at that timeslot... anyway I tink we can'tcome up with the slides in time to rehearse on wed
Bad boy! Korean are badass too
Foosball is table soccer! Nah Seoul garden sux
Yea elearning can go. Do we have to meet up with chiam?
Syphilis attack in his mid forties.
Hi guys sorry change of venue!  <#>  in canteen (:
What not under standing.
Nope. No need i think.
Eh moses help me call metal gear and ask for bernie k? Pester him coshe said he will send quotation by monday. Also mention to him we needmore buttons. Tell me its best we can communicate by email. I gotlesson from  <#> pm, and u haven come in till now. Need your phone.
xy:Can i just meet u then u send me 2 bugis or suntec then u go meet her???
mimi wat r u doing nw?
Erm...... the fuji one is xD one if i din remember wrongly... you got any lobang?
Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?
R u thr
Sorry
My dear, thank you very much ah... I love u, how are u? Is your skin still itching?
Hmm about  <#>  plus?
2day not staying?
I bet its his real voice
Mirapakaya
Hahaha okay:P I waking up around 6 plus leh haha!
hey  u wake up late then  u leave ?
Kayaking ended so fast?
Haha yup can ah! It was a slow mtg! Haha jyjy!
Very nice
Ok can I wouldn't have any trouble getting pass the gates will i ?And afternoon u getting to sch?
Erm I tink so? She say she can if not too early later I ask again...
2nite give u? I outside.. thks!
When are you going to ride your bike?
Mom, what's for dinner tonight. I might go out with Alvin tonight.
Where r u?
Hmm okay eh. Should be no one free nowadays.
Eh u angry wif me already ah...
tml go choose together? else later i choose le u dun like..
I see the letter B on my car
Truman isnt coming back tmr either. Oh you can have dinner with me?
Haven't yet, I was going to register tmr haha ps forgot to tell you!Yeah I guess I am): I have his receipt alr!
Hr s was gud 2day!
:( :(
Macha its started raining and it looks awesome outside.nee undayirunnenkil nalla rasamayaeene
Do u knw d meanin of dese words:*Girlfrnd*Lover*Wife*Ex-GirlfrndVery Simple:*Pre-Paid*Post paid*Lifetime*Missed call .!!! xD
I see. Waa got lightning le. Later cancelled
Now also can.
Ok.. Try to come a bit early.. Going like hot cakes..
Going back to hostel with joel
yay!
Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
No la cca lols
K.. I wil cal.. Aftr 5 min..
Lols I can't see u
Andy ask u wanna play mahjong anot. After  <#> pm@ my house.
Mayb u can go sch in e morn den afternoon go 4 ur tuition lor...
Janu i'l c0me at nyt arnd  <DECIMAL> .. Dnt w0ry plz n i l0v u
Oh wad info u nid? Send me I forward em?
Alrighty
After I promised my parents I will do well for studies if I join db?
We come back morning. Den spend nite at west coast park
I check what time I'm flying first then let you know if I can make it!
I need  <#>  mins..
Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. & asks u to type # <#>  or # <#> . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
Ps today cant.. I nid do TIP
What doing?
Hey sorry for asking so late. Jus realised haven borrow paddles. Do uhave extra?
Hi alan, this is to inform you that for the tuition A <#>  thatstarted today, the client and I decided to shift the timing to sunday,so do expect the $ <#>  transacted to campustutor to arrive slightlylater.
Singh rocks.
Hi Andreu, cud u see that fr?
I haf this feeling my fren will ask me to go also...Wat music?
Zzz I left my wallet in your room. Can't get into sheares now..
Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
Send me ur flight details?
You can use it if you want xP
Ya. In basementnow
Happy birthday Mr Sim! Haha looking forward to tmr!!! :-D
Lol wat sia.I just tell u cos u told mi ur results wat.haha.although I m like usually laffing at u but I m actually a truly nice guy.LOL.horrr die got soc mods.
Alicia! This is Brandon. When's our rehearsal for the voice event with Tali?
Lol I don't remember sending that.
han shayad
Yeah the stuff is in lab
s wrong w it...
Hello! So this sat how arh? Was thinking if too ma fan we can go outeat steamboat I can help.u organise lol
Dun put words into my mouth, i din say dat. No matter wat becomes of u i still wan k. But dun break e bed. Aiyar dun crap already lar u. Say until i hungry.
Really ah... Haha, actually i dun mind oso la... But will they kill us...
Oh, I waiting for my dad to pick me up... Okay... See you then. Yay! Finally...
s at heeren ma... Ur shift manager leh, u forgot liao ah...
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Every King was once a crying Baby & Every Great Building was once a map. Its not Important where you are TODAY,BUT where you will reach TOMORROW... Gud mrng
Hi, yes, I have, but the document I saved it in is in the office, and I am at the airport right now. I am sending you an address soon.
For the tickets, I'm here, ready to go
Hey... Can u meet me at yio chu kang station... U dun have to come out lor, juz pass me e stuff... How abt tt?
Haha npnp (: jyjy for tmr!! Hope it'll be nice:D
Hahaha pigs!!! Ehh coz my phone vibrate the time I immediately check,but the message the time given is alot earlier! I dun know why lag:/quite sian!
The white house
Mrk vastava
Where you
No need la jus wear shorts can le
Lol how did u get put in an arm bar.
Haha let me tell my uncle first bah. If he's interested jiu okay.
Teh yun ling and Lawrence chan hahaha, no lah, I dun want speciallyspend time with him or what during exchange, just that we in the samegroup of friends what, if they separate is just sian haha cannot eventalk as friends._. I dunno le they might!
Level head sent email to my dad say today we supposed to receivele... Guess u also no have
Wat time u want me to pick u?
ll b there to fetch u 2.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
I'm fine with either options.what do u suggest?
That's full team?
Lol must fit jiang Nan mah got the zhong guo feng de feel... wacockroaches all over! Eeeeeeeee... can die lol... feel like ponninglec later lol... dun feel like going home late today lol
the tutorial tomorrow is cancelled
Yeah read it. Really good lookong terrapin.
1 or 2
Sex
K.
Orhz ü mean the linear algebra is it? Haha... Thought ü talking abt cz... My lesson jus end... Where ü?
The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe
Okay... Take your time... Dog poo ah?
Ah ma said she fell down just now, feeling quite terrible now. Shecalled me to bring her to doctor, but im in sch. You free to go downmah.
What doing?
Get my comp configured lor... Din noe have to wait so long one...
I anything...U all decide liao den tell me lor...
R2 lounge
Oki! Go drink some water k. Love u!!
Lol it'a via gladlycast sms eh.
:p
Hi
Hmmmm......what if u got it wrong?
There r many model..sony ericson also der.. <#> ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
Hahaha things can change so I must ask once in awhile!! :D so gotanyone you're interested in???
Hm. It's ok la. But cos the lecturer is a cheenapok I have to readthe textbook now...
oo.. still there? i now on  <#> . haha. wan govback ttgt?
Hey, r ù bored or am i takin up ùr time?
Wat time will u stay in lib until? Mayb can go find u after my lect...
Kk u keep 1st
See u soon??????
Okay I'll talk to you after, I promise c: ttyl
Yeah I forgotten bout it too. Yeah he's good looking. You are watching it now? Watching a new show before deciding whether I should continue downloading it.
try kar raha ho
Bye see you
Haha I dun know, I was just watching him do! Yup Hilda tay justcalled me to rant haha she's irritated by soh jie and company!
Bad boy! Korean are badass too
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Lol dont crap. Haha you want to play mah.
Night le... Like  <#> pm. Lol
I going to meet xyan for dinner, just pei her eat only k..
Thks
Class d mam came so 'l get later
MAYBE JUST MAYBE
R u eating dinner
23f,working,hw abt ur intro iceman.
Hm le bblp
<#>  reach there.. but shld b leaving earlier. wakeup at 7 then goeat breakfast ba.. i also mus hear ur voice then can slp, hee
Ah ok I can take that too!
Nxt week weds would be fine thanks
Hi sorry I lost my contact who r u
What is the postal code?
What. Block?
haven hee. wait u.nw talking to my mama
Okay.
:/ dun think so but can try
Haha.. Shouldn't be ba.. Okay la, it's filling up.. Haha..
Mine is 4 slides per page lor... Dunno y he made it so small oso...
U write lor. But dont ask me write wat... Cos whatever i say i duno how u all will think....
So u meeting tmr?
Broke. :( when I get money, sure.
Hahaha nah you shall live with veggies and eat up all of my share!Ooo is it! I don't know know how he looks like leh! Haha what the askyou sing you don't want sing, then you sing to call him hahaha! Yeah<#> b!
Time to wake up! My msg to you last night didn't get sent):
NO ONE):
Mei Ying's present,1 person rm <#> ..cos it really huge n its wat she wan..sorry 4 tat n thankx 4 ur corporation.. :)
Anna at nugegoda
Wat haf ü all been doing...
Take 195 i thk...Aiyo, no cute guys lor, but gals not bad la... U dun have any sandals meh. Anyway we r movin off now only lor...
Where got cheese cake...
If you hear a loud scream in about <#> minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
T.v agai kya
Oh ._.
Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
Anjappar?
Do you know where my lab goggles went
We eating dinner at cally house.
HCL-CHENNAI requires FRESHERS for Voice Process.Excellent Communication in ENGLISH needed.SALARY upto Rs. <#> .Call NEENA  <#>  for a Telephonic Interview.
Hahaha yo!
Red light cross krke Mall ayega.
You all met up already?
Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
okay! i will go... may b late but will go!
go
Okay.
No,my mom's just asking.
wase hi poch raha tha...monday ko class honi ha?
Yo I have seats for you and <name>
Huh, hm.. Y like that, okie lah, i go add u to msn, hee, funni, i cn find u in icq sia, lol
No prob, c u again soon..Ü
No links.
Already one guy loving you:-.
Lol yeah. But this was a boring one remember
I can fly with my Umich... if I don't find my wallet I have newlicense incentive - I don't want to buy a new state id for no reasonlol
In home da
I near the biz canteen.. outside the com club room. U come out? Haha.
Haha.. Oic.. Later ü sure got event one le...Haha. At night wat time will reach home.. If ü free i call ü..
hey, our  <#>  meeting when ar?
s e plan... Wat time is ur tuition...
Hey dude I just wanted to say I hope you have a good trip and loveCosta Rica and sorry we left on a bad note
University of southern california.
Tron plans on? What time?  Who is booking tickets?
we have problem come to my home imm
5pm and in. BTW I only wan u help hand in.... Nvm thks
Is it. Then go down ask lor.
Wife says to husband- u dont Luv M茅 at all... Husband points towards their 5 children and said- Then do u think I downloaded these from Google? Good morn..
I think we don't show the search tml loh. Listing of products iscritical since it's our main feature right? Haiz. Anyway, i haven'tgot the chance to check what he's uploaded. Did he say anything otherthan uploading?
Any problem?
Ah no meet me at the bus stop beside the mosque.
I'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
Ok.. haha.
m goin there later, mayb can visit u...
Go fap before you get results
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
It's supah intense! What are you doing?
!!! "Nana wants me to stay in the city, so I guess I'll just see u in the morning. Me n jaleah will be at home at like 9."
LOL oh well I found back mine ready. Haha it's time to get a new one.
Coming.. need to get laptop from Shweta
No. nom nom
Noooooooooo
s so ma fan...
On the bus, got the birth certificate and stuff, love ya
Isn't benzene edg too?
Yeah I return liao >< sorry!!
Ohhh okay
Hi sorry sorry  On my way. Will need  <#>  mins
Not yet, soon le. What for
Hahaha. How about my other current ones?
Haha get a bread or something eh. Got the $ <DECIMAL>  japan bun or something.
Haha okay! Watching movie at  <#> , puss in boots! Want?
You asked cally already?
Eh u ass 5 last question wrong I help u change at
No can do it on wednesday. Thanks.
Unni thank you dear for the recharge..Rakhesh
hihi! we will be at com1 basement
Yes I am! My script is sooooo memorized!!!
Haha ok, ps I typed wrongly! It's supposed to be  <#>  (:
When we cannot laugh on 1 Joke again n again; Why do we cry thinking about 1 hurt again n again ? We have just 1 life.. Lets Forgive & Forget. So live it
Haha. Of course.  Nv wak with lg mah. Hee
That'll be awesome, thanks. Hmmm how about my place? It's atserangoon north ave 4.
Where u now?  <DECIMAL> . But we reached already
Ok. See ya
Do you want bold 2 or bb torch
Sat and sun. Come! It's free
on my bus to office. thanks a lot for your treat. Must be yam?go to ta poa a bit yam kuih and your food is my lunch.
Is the printer working?
Sorry da.
Look for the 'Q' and your wish will come true! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Now look for the 'N', this is really hard! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMNMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM Now find the mistake! ABCDEFGHIJKLNMOPQRSTUVWXYZ NW WISH FOR SUMTHIN U REALY WNT AFTR D COUNTDWN!  <#>  9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 NW CLOSE UR EYES & MAKE A WISH! * * * * * * NW FWD 2 9 PPL & UR WISH WIL COME TRUE! U HAV  <#>  MIN Or wht u wishd wil b d opposite...
Haha it's alright it's really alright! I know you were tired! (: Ijust woke up hahaha:P yay grats!! powerful?
Basc req 4 road aligmnt cros sec elemnts road dev progrm
Yeap okay! Let me know when you have money? Damn cool I was thinkingof asking you about it during the kids thing today! Omg there are adson the mrt about cards!!!
I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
Love u :)
Ok I'll be home from school then xx
Ah btw my messenger crashed on me, you can send me through email instead.
Where is my yeitwo ?? Kisses for u
Ok thanks
Lol thanksss I just took my napfa. Everything silver except SBJ :(
Hasu here is ma adres.. Sunny kriplani,  <#>  sindhi colony, city- nimbahera pin c0de- <#>  ,state- rajasthan.. Plz try if u cn n dnt write anytng 0n letr.. Tc
Yo so when is sushi
Where got buff? My core weak lols. Nxt time holiday u free. Go train jio me
Not yet. Later eathe
Ya.. saw it. Think I gt  <#>  or  <DECIMAL> .. average abt tt range rite?
LOL WALK ARD SCH WITH A SIGNBOARD
LOL
Oh...!%-)
Haha. Bathe too shiok, cannot feel the time pass. So easy.  eateverything inside, then no need to arrange again! Haha. If can, u waittill Sunday I help u
U cooking tonight?
Haha nope I don't ( when did I ever give that impression o.O )
great!
Dont guai lan me puhlease.
Call ASAP
Yup sat. We figure out on sat. What time did we decide?
U at marina?
So how was pw and gp
He faild. .he got a front seat. So was unable to msg. He has faild chm,bio and urdu.. Phy and eng r stil left
erm.hee.. u reply me liao ...
Dat crazy man has gone mad again... I forward da messages he sent me to ü...
Ps I realise I didn't reply your last msg! Haha no la if cancel Iwill say right!
Meet at pp bah. I reach le lol
A gal...Go out wif guy my bf will kill me...Höhò.
Haha I fell asleep and my phone ran out of battery! Np haha (: hahahaI wonder too! Yeah I want lots of soup now!!!
<DECIMAL>  bje k bd cl krte hai. Abhi meeting me hai babu.
Then why not i drop by and drill board myself
Ph0ne karo
P
Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
K.bye
? Wad present
Sunday got offer meh?
hey shall we meet online tonight?
Orh haha paiseh.
Good. Very good.
Yup. Going back after dinner... tmr morning waking up early to help out for rag
s no better ans ..
Me too. Wr r u?
Playing my gihtar
Movies la dey. Your shows still got so much leh haha
Can't. 2moro morning study then nite pool
Hdbdhhd I'm so tired
:(
m inside oredi, in e middle,  2nd last row, right corner... Hurry up k, later got a lot of pple...
m 25. Elise is 26 !
Haha.. when? Never wave at us..
Going sentosa tmr?
Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe
OH NO SORRY!! I mean I dun care you have to let me poke! drink morewater!!! Yups it was lunch! I just turn on my com, then it said thehibernation data file corrupted cannot open, v sian haha!
m going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon.
gud moning,Mohan I'm on the way. If u hav no time,U can go.I'll meet u tomorow.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Ya... I dun mind lor....
Could you take over me tonight? I'll teach them next week, I'm not feeling that well.. Ask Zhong to bring his laptop.. I'm so sorry..
Hahahaha then I shall see you tmr.
Apna pil0w n blanket lete hue ana n charger b
Alright.. New to.. probably should be quick
Yea
If very uncomfortable then dont come up k?
Ok
=D
Well good night and sweet dreams babe
Will*
Haha yeah:D after I went offline all was well hehe!
Hey no need to save seat for juli too... She not coming... both pao qi wo....
hci survey  <#>  t f t f t t
Hahaha omg how come still dunno!!!!
I think it is e rain, now make me a bit feverish.
Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Loverboy ? Snuggle bunny ? Sugar plum ? Nom nom nom ... Yummy ... Delicious ... *grins*
I think its great! Thank you so much!!!
U so serious till hallucinate?! Serious sia! u better stop training
ll b goin dwn ard 11... Sittin 4 evaluation first... Den later got drivin...
Okay done. Haha. What email u wanna send me?
yeah must sign up,im in lt25
Lol you are overestimating him.
Marina BAY will stop. argh! LATE!
u at home?
Hmmm? If don't have will do a nana
hmm.. ok.. eh think i be a bit late.  <DECIMAL>  can? leaving hse nw
ll cya den...
Just came out from bathroom. Call you, but  your fon switch off, so cant chat loh.
Dam kaobei
Ha
So in the end u got go out?
HOT STICK
SMU oso close ah? haiz... better dun affect us. faster exam, faster holiday.. ü
I pick u ard 530
Called Chris, when you're done I'll add you to the call
As in ur close frens la. Like b1 b2
>
Yea set! Excited alr
Ok reached sch alr
Lol smart? Hahaha maybe im more to quick-witted. :-D
m sorry but someone replied first... Pls find another group. May ü find a group soon...
Hmm? Omg it didn't get sent!
Nvm I asked. If dillon nvr reply den we dun do
haaha nvm
True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
Tsk tsk tsk u shoulda called in
Hee. I love my wonderful boy! Later u will see me when u wake-up. Bigbig hug for u!
Colin... dun worry just now at bk I got tell him... but I din tellbang his part lol
Ok!!! I leave hs in 5 min. Can baobao u soon. Hee
wanted u to teach me fdr 1. Tml then. Rest well.
HI DARLIN I HOPE YOU HAD A NICE NIGHT I WISH I HAD COME CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU LOVE FRAN  PS I WANT DIRTY ANAL SEX AND I WANT A 10 MAN GANG BANG
Well uh maybe you can prove your own statement wrong
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPRCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#> . WPB is<#> . From teck ghee cc.
Kk cya
I also chui  <#>  just abit above mean
Lol that's why I need another series mah. Fever series (y)
Need activate the card at general office
Ok what supper
A Relaxed Mind,鈥〢 Peaceful Soul, 鈥〢 Joyful Spirit, 鈥〢 Healthy Body & 鈥〩eart full of Love..鈥〢ll these are my Prayers for You..鈥┾??￤ISH YOU HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#>  in advance.
Counter ex: chester
Lol ... I knew that .... I saw him in the dollar store
Division doesn't matter that much.. what you do there is moreimportant.. try asking for scm.. strategic change mamagement.. theyfigure out how to make the system better.
I heard my fren said not bad,
No more at the moment. Thanks.
I reach le!
Oh...g.a.y.
Before  <#> h
Haha later got random tchr see me leaving sch then need to explainblah blah blah! Haha hmm how to explain, kono has a sense ofbelonging? Later show me the examples, I explain to you!
SOUNDS FAMILIAR. YOUR WELCOMING PARTY IS NOW AT AMK ~
Haha awfully disgusting.
K:)anything special?
<DECIMAL> pm. If my fren wan join okay rite
S
haha!! so busy ! they haven't come home?
hey i gonna meet u all guys for a short meeting nxt wed.. i confirm wif u all the details soon..
Who's doing AT?
Y so Emo just now
When is ur recess week?...mine is next week leh...
I send him our ideas 1st. Clifton got reply?
Hey,so got chalet?
See. Kat mere kotha sunar manus na ami. U can tell straight forward. Its obvious that u may hav problems. It seems, i hav to weigh and talk to u 4m now.
Rain and missed a bus. BUT THAT'S NOT GONNA STOP MEEEEEE
Jus apply whole week cus I dun wanna tap role call
Btw, how is GEM <#> ?
Your part gives summary leh. Very critical. Haha. Okay lah, actuallyjust read out from script. Nothing much de lah. Just wanna hear yammysings tml.
Watching movie, reply you later!
Yeah,asking about your absence for today's assembly.
Waaait what about the sauce totes?
BAL
Yo! I am almost done.. how long will you be?
I nid! The new one not as good
Coa's article is on the entire thing or jus my presentation part
Cheyyy that's rather late though
U going lec later?
Andrw a frend askd me hw s malli.wt shal i tl?i cnt live andrw.ane dis lif s enuf,pls pray jesus 2 tak entir family 2 malli.
washroom  main tha... <DECIMAL>  ke liye bohat sare tables ki zaroorat pare gi mere khyal main sir ye nai daib ge
Lesson tmr at 4pm? K?
Hi, u male
Sianz. U nvr do soft copy ar
Haha dont mention! :-D
Yes.
It is the time to pause, bye.
hey will u go if michelle, liling, chen wei n kiat go?
YAY (: (: (: (: (: okay!
going ktv
A bit late, but maybe swim tml?
The bread? It's GOOD!!
Hi Shanil,Rakhesh here.thanks,i have exchanged the uncut diamond stuff.leaving back. Excellent service by Dino and Prem.
Hihi yuhan and herngyi, sorry but ms teh just called me to tell me wehave to do two presentations to introduce our sch and Singapore >< canyou help me prepare and present one of them? Asking you two coz yourJapanese is much better >< ms teh says a mix of Japanese and englishwill be good! Please let me know if you can help me with this,thanks!
Oh you sure about it?
Come safely dear. Lub luv u
Got less pple izit...
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <#> th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
Halo ...
You've been really good with exercising!
I think if really push can hit above  <#>  but will have bad form le.Tot bench supposed to be controlled
Ah.. realli? eh.. okay.. i see wat i can do k? let u know later..
V came home Rasa
me takin 66, 64, 50 n either baha indo or social work
Ok
Yea where u
Yeah... not fun your head! Damn slack can, then the chicken wing damn nice somemore
Take care man.. you seem stressed. Let me know if I can help with anything..
Yea okay thks a lot
Hi
Ya everyday wake up 7. Zzz plus travel fare. Mine just ended le
Anythin la... Nice can liao...
No way
m in a lect... Just now this girl was promoting... Haha you free to go there to look later?
i got one here, is $78, 128mb, transcend jetflash, u want?
Yup only today. Got things 2 buy? I jus sacred go down 2 many ppl cant shop.
A special game 4 u 鈥?try to delete only 1 dot of the 3 dots.
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Is the labkey wth you?
Hmm where is a good place?
Help me record e guess3 ok? E back part...
Coca-Cola will send you home,this Diwali. Just SMS 'HOME' to  <#>  and start your journey now!
s not solns... Juz plain ans lor... U have e qn paper izit?
Hello:)
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Draw va?i dont think so:)
Like  <#> , same question
Want meet
LOL WHY!!!!! I WILL MAKE YOU A SANDWICH
s ok i wun b angry. Msg u aft i come home tonight.
Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
wat modules are you taking?
Can't find!!
Haha so timely! Ok I will call you tmr!! Nights (:
Too bad lo then change another day lo... y dunno how not free thennot free lo dun need to fan one wat
Come out of your cluster.
Okay I bringing zijian along later.
Hm. But why. Better for her also wad.
Nope.. still on the way. Haha.  Hope I not late
Ok... I din get ur msg...
Yeap!! Aiya haha, can alter de right!! Yeap can't wait too! Hey! Youdidn't answer me!!
Okay. I go over ard  <#> pm. Reach le call u.
I told her briefly but phone connection was damn lousy dunno why i said dsta she heard dsa took a few tries to get points across. But yeah
Wah. I think lightning strike tio their server.
3+1? got 4 meh?thn can concentrate anot? yah, waitin for lesson to start. tut room vry cold, so come outside to msg u.
Ok...
Bring natural stuffs u can find on the ground like leaves twigsbottles. Will be used for printing
Some one piece manga necklace with Chiobu on it
K then, nite nite :)
Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
Definitely! :)
Not coming.
Hougang plaza!!
John, I'm in meeting, I'll call aftr 1 hour.
Oh.
Flight and hotel.. Abt 8k?
Hey do u still have cue cards
nice to noe u gal
Hehe:D my alarm woke me up!
hi to all. why so quiet.
Ok. Pray you get well soon. God Bless.
Are you hungry right now?
I see a cup of coffee animation
Haha u v funny. Aiyah suan le lah, when we do our project we also make some mistakes. Face skin thicker lor, never mind one lah.
Ya. U handing in today?
Oh oh. Hmm okay then. I leave a slot for you first eh.
Which company?
Sure, what do you need
On train le. Bao bao!
Wat the! I weds marking day!
Sure why not
Good morng
I'm hurrying
Hi. They not going tonite cos they have a morning class tmw. Think i wont be going either. Have fun.
You arent coming back tmr either? Whoa. I have meeting tmr then gotta go chalet on wednesday so might as well just stay.
Chk ur bal.
"My grace is all you need, For my power is greatest when you are weak." I am most happy, then, to be proud of my weaknesses, in order to feel the protection of Christ's power over me. For when i am weak, Then i am STRONG. 2 corinthians  <TIME> , <#>  Praise the lord ! Have a blessed day dear friends ! :-)
Aight
Yea lols
Tv
Haha ending at 3pm. Yeah going clubhouse after that.
Eating dinner wit hl den cm hm after tt
Ahhh hahahahaha alrighty.
I think
Before  <#> h, almost done with etching
Acc no- <#>  name-vivek.T branch-kolathupalayam
Sadly not. :) I'm going to go on a run! It was nice talking to you
I praise the Lord. because he guides me, and in the night my conscience warns me. I am ALWAYS aware of the Lord's presence : HE IS NEAR AND NOTHING CAN SHAKE ME. psalm  <TIME> ,8 Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
A lot of them are mine.Sorry, I'll clean tonight, I accidentally fellasleep.. but seriously, Liza, no need to get snappy, everyone cleansup after you a lot
Fwd: Pass down the msg!!odac starts at  <DECIMAL>  if there is noassembly!!!:):)don be late!!!
Hey... E rag day over oredi huh, saw a lot of pple packin up...
Tripti se bat hui?
Really?? My bro said it was for awhile!
I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
Sory. Cal later
So u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
Haha yeah alright.
Oh lol I tot that is the final.one so I go add more lol... Kk
Yup I guess so.
<#>
Ah ok.. enjoy with your sister.. we have one full sem to put kadlai:p I am feeling bored.. wanna go back sg and do something useful.. onemore week I guess.. take care! I ll call you at 7 :-)
I having dinner wif my family,we meet to chit chat lor.Meet orchard k,u free liao juz cum down.I meet jos first.
Nitni will play today t <#>
Ok.  <#> $ note?
Shall i start from hear.
Wa so fast! Haven arh... shld be  <#>  more.min
So early?! Omg im still waiting for  <#> / <#> .
I dont think there's any, that's y we ask u all to go buy ones thatcan fit in.
=P
No its m <#> nyB-)
Sms my hp 0168596707
Ajmer
Thks
Wth my meeting end le! Lol... I tink I stay in school study awhile... dun waste my time here lol
coz i ask u 1st.datz y.
XML , EDI , RSA , WEB SECURITY , DES .. important questions
t hav a prob in dat dept. How long wuz é last one? U mind talkin äbt it?
Hi Andreu. Washing machin model WP <#> . Spare parts shop. <#>  B,galle rd,Col 6. Now they ask 2 bring our one. May God bles u.
K
Walk-In Interview for HCL BPO Spot Offer Salary 2 Lac on  <#> th Jan bet  <#> to3 @ Pay4Pay No  <#> , Nainappa Naicken St Park Town Ch-3 Near Central Station Ct- <#>
I trust u a lot dats wat i didnt ask anyone..after u told me to try only i askd ma frnds
And how you will do that, princess? :)
aunty later watching exorcist hor?
Lols dint manage :(
Bhai  <#>  ka hi kara paya tha s0ry
Hmm.. I got a B for MKT <#>  and an A- for MNO <#> . Well, can'treally give my comments becoz both lecturers for next sem is diff frommine. But i guess both are managable. Serious. Haha.
hey xy, i give robert ur hp k? he uploaded the document for use case.go take a look
FINE THAT IS YOUR NEW NICKNAME.PIDGINS.
NIKAL KAR DOBARA LAGAP
Lol maybe monday just pop in and ask labtech
Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."
4 ppl only. He already asking me to do stuff le!
Yeah still watching. Aiya moms usually do that when it comes to grades. Everything will be fine by tomorrow dear.
Hey ur toms wad size ar?? Hehe
Slept?
gal i jus realised, e biddin wil close on 24th 1pm, u cant see e biddin after 11am
Door
S U C C E S S Introduces YOU To The WORLD ... F A I L U R E Introduces The WORLD To YOU.
Haha yeah thing like that! Ps! That wasn't me last night!
not too bad, :) i can feel myself getting better. haha
Wa so fast! I also quite fast I tink... haha wear wat also beautifulone lah! Dun worry! Lol... wear jean lo lol
Dad later can transfer  <#>  for my concession?
You too shwetu! Let me know if you are up for a movie with NUSfriends tomorrow
Is waja se confuse ho raha tha mai q k google pakistani time dikha ra tha aur premier league uk ka
Ok!
go on dutch lor... we pay for our own share...
Hey, u'll be submitting the softcopy of the tech docu right?
Lol I see  <DECIMAL>  is nearer to  <DECIMAL>  than  <DECIMAL>  so Ijust choose that one Lo... ya performance not tested
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
This is the 1st time we have actually managed to confirm a scam
What? XP about to go to a talk so I may be slow
Ok.
Hi Yong Yu, I will be down in the lobby in  <#>  minutes.  See youthen.  If you will be late, please sms to let me know.
Awwww alright.
Loosu.
Will try to please you still.
U go n sleep dnt thnk abt dat..study for midsem
<DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL> <DECIMAL>
Who u?
HILDA IS THE BEST LOL. WHY IS TRUE RED AND FALSE GREEN
How late will you be lol. We are all owls lehh. Hor and you saidsaturday night go your house hahaha
yah.
Michelle, can I place you under gls please?
Home le bblp
Hah by putting alot more make up? XD
Ur ph num
Eh update me on what is going on i.e. who wants what brake bias, nresults of brake test if u all do it.
Oh :-)
the life eill meanigless without love
Ya going later I ask ppl
Ya hor T.T... haha see lo arga most we watch bk drama lol.. expectedlah u tired mah lol
Cool. I am  <#>  inches long. hope you like them big!
Ya lor me too! Muacks u back
Good morning! Good lucksssss later. Haha.
Yup. Parents here :x
U did it 1st! Ditch me at ecp
IM GONNAMISSU SO MUCH!!I WOULD SAY IL SEND U A POSTCARD BUTTHERES ABOUTAS  MUCH CHANCE OF MEREMEMBERIN ASTHERE IS OFSI NOT BREAKIN HIS CONTRACT!! LUV Ya
Gudiya id n paswrd msg kar
hi, sandra here. sorry for the late reply but 11 today is ok with me. where do i meet you?
Ok. Just got off plane. :-)
Hi... i reach liao... where to meet u? i wearing orange tee with a fren in white tee......
It's 2D image lol!
Yeah lol ._. Ps forgot to reply! I'm going pool on  friday! Hostel isquite sian haha
Of course! Where you wanna eat?
yah lah nearest mah so touched har haha
I vil sleep
Ohh. It isnt probation.. But why not by wednesday?
I miss you
Yeh.
K k
Hey where are you? We aren't able to find you..
i lose 147 fr todae match
Orh! Sayang u la. Wait so long hor? Nw waiting for  <#> ..
I got job in chennai:) FIS company name:)
Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
Arts! Yours?
Mm umma my dear
Oh.lol.
Yah hör..hmm nvm we will do well nonetheless! Ü hee.. Happie mugging..u hand in assnt 12 yet?dun 4get.
K be there in a few
??
Not so early.
Are you this much buzy
Oh.. 23Rd..
I HAD A COUGH YESTERDAY BUT RECOVERING NOW
So if you never gonna try to trust others, what makes you think others would?
Li Mei.. I need a help from you.. Can you help me to print a excel sheet.. I don't know how to setup the page properly..
hey, looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want I can text him and see if he's around
Ohh okay good then. Whachudoin on sunday?
Its LT  <#> . Zzz
Hahaha I want to play also!!!
hi how are you doing today? Mid-terms coming right?
=( =( =( what if we looked online a bunch at my house or something?
Yishun mrt
Oh ps afternoon I can't make it.
Blarg
:-* I wont be gunds much longer though ;)
Lol u all at bk right
not free now. call me later
Where are You?
ok ok coming asap
Yo you home?
5 - 7 pple loh, later he ask u loh. Haha. Just now he talk, i eanna laugh loh.
sorry lah
Nop Monday then go back
Hahaha
Hey rock climbing nid pay?
Ask Daddy Fetch me at 5...
Wetin dey.
Wat time coming back
And if ü wkg waitress or telemkt.i tink part timer better ñ get a few -if ü find hrs not enuf-one of my odac fren earned quite abit like tt.ñ owis go out.
OH NO WE ARE ALL DYING
Lol so later gather there then go home?
Hee- k cya añoèr time... -big hug-
Nope they dont know
Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
Yea can hear siaz
s to complete a prog assignment by next wed..
Really? =D
yup. tho i nv work wif them b4 also.
I WASN'T THE ONE REPORTING. I TOLD MY DAD BUT HE NEVER TELL THEM.THEN WHEN I TOLD HIM TO TELL HE SAID NVM THEY CAN FIX IT STILL WHATTHE. LOL 5 MINS TRAIN CAME SO FAST YOURS HAVEN'T COME HAHAHA. I DUNKNOW. HAM? WHERE YOU WANNA GET YOUR SHIRT?
Worksheets 2c up till arene onlywhere got Williamson
U tel to her itself d.i already remembered her once.she only took al d xerox
Hehe:P I guess I am too nickname-able!
He dint tell anything. He is angry on me that why you told to abi.
Ah? Sch stuff? You are joining the groups as helpers eh.
i now at tpy safra
Yes, at the Warren.  Thanks.
I m waiting
Lolok nevrmind then
OK sure. That's great! Thanks!
Good evening:)
My aunt or my mum will be at home.
LOL IT'S MY COMPOUND FOR ASSN 2!!!!
Baba's test over at  <DECIMAL>
Hi?what doin?
1 min
Haha you better not be like that!!! Like very very seriously!! Hahaokay okay! You can plan out! But I will take forever coz I need studyfor ap!! Haha but I wanna be tall!! Ohh hilda and I took photo withthe DJ!!! Hahaha noo omg!! Hahaha I said everyone!! But if everyonejio me will you like be very protective? Hahaha I dun have!! His nameis quek ten cheer!!!
I am cooking fries! Nomnomnom! Lol... this Sunday morning got projectpresentation lo need yup school sob sob sob... lucky also not veryearly is  <DECIMAL>  lol... anyway tml we eating dinner?
Happy bday!:-)
Bhai ch0rhke ajana bs aadhe gante me plz
Lol thanks! See you around man! I always notice your nice t-shirts haha
Oko...np...
Sent u le
Nai re niklna hai , room saf ker raha tha.
Hey I d like to wind up.. could you male it earlier?  It's been 3weeks, and they haven't said a word.. not nice anymore
Hm.... not sure.... why ler?
Der
:o late for school le.  <#>  eh?
It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
Play play la lols. Wad he say
Do i start to reply email now?...haha...
Hahaha aww. Next time lo XD
Well, i can't say no. Sure why not
Subah uth jana n lucky bhai ko b uthana paka
Opps... Cant... Have to meet after 6, nd to send my dog to hotel...
The bench downstairs
See how...call me when u mob finish
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
Hi... Can u arrange a time 4 e haircut tmr at 2?
Very lol. Woo the Midwest, best place to be
Wat u mean Oo
when he knows tt i totally detest her.i am a very self-conscious person..
Hey no problem.. was able to get in touch with Shiv. Had a good chatwith Sweden. They were impressed.. Will keep you posted.
G wants to know where the fuck you are
Thk medical report no nd la, cos we r havin check-Up in sch...I only mailed e matriculation form lor...
Hi, I'm Wei Qi. Still need a group member for your cs <#>  team?
I just fwded the email to my ct :/
Yeah black hole
Duno leh, me anything depends my mum got buy or not. We hving picnic or wat? Leona playing mahjong w her kahi so not going.
Erm search arduino forums for changing pwm frequency apparently someone else had motor problems too
Hahas yea
Wha ur sis cooking. Hmm ok lor. At first thought like need 2 tell e recept, then need 2 change. Then reach already call each other lor.
re meeting at 11am at pink tables for 4253. Can you make it?
There is no sense in my foot and penis.
ll b leavin on fri liao... U workin tmr?
I had that before I fell sick lol.. any ideas in mind for story?
Eh where u?
I got cip so staying in sch
Slap! Where!! Hahaha
On my way
drink more water k. then u can recover faster. :)
Tmhra voter id bhi bn kr aa gaya hai.
Dont think so I can make it. Need to do OT then go cally house.
Where are you,i am on the first platform ?
K come
U reach home den call me k.
Yup rite
How ar your respective parts?
ll miss u... Haha, enjoy urself la, dun torture urself eat all u can...
yoz wat time are we meeting tomolo???
U in school tdy? Want to have lunch?
Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
it's still not working. And this time i also tried adding zeros. That was the savings. The checking is  <#>
m tryin to understand too...
Take le!! Coming to find u now
Andrw s chaminda wit u?g,b
You tried? I think I had a rough idea already. There are lots of infoonline, can try reading it.
Why boring? So long nvr play! Or basketball. BTW Mon can fetch me? Mywhole family going overseas without me
Huh it's okay really really it's my own fault I choose not to do!Haha liu has no influence over us ._. I think most people probablyhanded up in the end haha
Hi Gerrick, your phy tutor Alvin here. Can we have our tuition at<#> pm this monday? something crop up at last min for me.
Haha no as in total  <#>  so 5 each,  <#>  from each of us! Argh. Mymoney): haha interesting. So do you like her or not? I'm veryinterested to hear what she tells raghav, but ohh wells that's just mygossip instinct haha I should not probe:P haha yeah she was likeasking ppl to let her stay in their house, but omg la how can sheexpect to stay liddat for free! And that one weekend my toiletmatelent her the room we alr damn sian with her liao how much more willshe do to whoever lets her stay!? Goodness la, her parents want tomove back to Taiwan, they should have accepted that they have to paymore for her accommodation what.
Ok
Hey!! Its going well.. we have a team now and are looking at buildinga prototype.  How are you? I heard you are also starting up?
ll find out ur address.Then dogknap it.Dun rub it in lei...I really want 1 but its quite uncertain now.Wanna say hi to ter?Hehehe dun say anything to
can intro pls?
Watching vampire diaries lor.
Poke my laogong!! Hee. Dear I love u hor! Remember to drink some water.:*:-:*
Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
I can!
Urgnt.
Haha it was interesting lah but the atmosphere was just too shiok andI was wearing my red jacket:P wow:o I only vomited from stomach fluwhen I was 6! ooo dun expose your stomach to cold air, put the stomachoil!
Ok sounds good. Time?
Hey I ll reach in an hourish.. can you pick me up at Ashok pillar?
Haha ohh >< anyth then haha >< tmr until  <#>  earliest I think, hahathat sounds like a good idea but I dun know how to explain a ballappearing in my house to my parents HAHA. okay maybe I shall hide itin the store room! Haha okay what time you wanna wake up! Should gobathe then sleep okay^^
Ok:-) .. I edit later. Thanls
done e transfer..
I will sing about your strength. Every morning I will sing aloud of your constant love. You have been a refuge for me, a shelter in my time of trouble. I will praise you, my defender. My refuge is GOD, the GOD who LOVES me. Psalms <TIME> , <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Define affection
We are both fine. Thanks
Really ah... So qiao. Cos i thgt u juz post a msg in ivle forum, thgt u still online lor... Was thkin of addin u to my msn ma, den can chat...
What did you wanna say about the references. i'm all ears now.
Learn yourself la. Nxt time go play le! Waa izzit the hostel ting
How they go our rm lol
good morning honey. give u a morning kiss. I woke up and was thinking of you too
Sms me when done
Kk. Siansian what to do tmr.
Wa reach late then leave early dun give face sia...
nvm, su then wun drop le. open heart:) ur a- is?
Happy Chinese New Year! GONG XI FA CAI! -- Lee
not the worst la. at least got a-. ur cap now ish?
Can you do online transaction?
Hows cave boi
Is it where they sell nice mac n cheese n nice biscuits?Jc class outing? January there?
ll go for the earliest slot??
Yeah lol
Okayyyy
Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
Tu bhi ja
Ah ok. We will devote tomorrow's meeting to discuss what you have inmind and try to find a solution. Will you be able to work on poislides?
Yeah so basically any time next week you can get away from your mom & get up before 3
sms me when your lesson ends.
Hello!
Baobei! !rem to eat ur dinner ok!
Tell u on Weekend?
Hi vincent I have something on this coming fri night, can we changeit to another time, say wed?
Eh fab in camp and jeff still in army =(
Bayataku veltuna match undi anta
! Not 7 hahaha!
Hahaha no problem lol I can be your decoy lol
PAISEH hehehe no la I was playing dragon nest!!!!
Mila auto?
ok, thanks.
At home sleeping. Feel ok.
Can you come now i have to free.
Best of luck.
PIZZA AND UHAUL MONEYPut table stuff and towels awayPrint ticketsBurritos
K when?!?
No lol xP
Fainted n fel down. Goin 2 hsptl.
K
I don't think will take that long. I also banking on it ending before 4pm.
Yes, it's. Figure 3.
Ok. Haha
Hi ricky, any progress?
Actually nvm, got hella cash, we still on for  <#> ish?
big big kisses for my yei yei! hee. hw was the lec?
Pig ~ going up in 5 min!!
Ok. Will do. Hope to lv ard 6 :-)
U r d nly gud frend i hv andrew.lots f peopl change based n benefts n othr tin.bt nly u i cn trust  <#> %.so b in d same way.dnt tl nytin 2 anthr andrw.g.b
Omg... I fell asleep and missed my stopped LOL
OMG YOU HACKER
AMS OUT DA
Miss u
Orh!  You at which part of the train? Head?
Eat not e main obj. We go watch F1! Want ago? But it's not actual day though.
Hi Ricky, I need to check with you about the outstanding issues.  1)soil for the backyard, 2) mirror installation, 3) paint touch up and4) plastic edge for the sliding glass door, 5) bathtub sanding,  6)glass silicone sealup of bottom edge of big window.  Finally, can youtell me about my neighbor's paint progress?  Thanks.
wat time is yr bdae party ?
Wan gym?
Lol because I thought you wanna watch it too?
Hols I wanna train, learn volleyball. Rem last time we say wannalearn windmill?
SIM: SEND ME AN ANGEL...
welcome = i'll sms u when back
And my phone is real awesome after the update. XD
Happy Valentines day
m at bishan.
K
Hahaha no la just kidding ard! Haha okay let us know ok!
Haha okay bah. Then I wait for you eh.
Yo! Going to turn of my phone liao, bye bye! See you next week:Ddon't need reply! (:
Ahhhh im sorry weeyin, can I place you under helper instead oflogistics if you dont mind?
Haha you must be really tired:P tonight sleep earlier! Nothing muchhappened! I went to sleep aft sending you goodnight on msn! Haha ooothat's early omg I realise I need to bring my laptop to sch leh,should we go hostel first?
Omnomnom
2 drivers 1 large battery yeah. It's whole day i think :/ if i find a slot i'll tell you tmr morning
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Ya
Yay ^^
Ok we got it
m on my way to school...
Btw [name] here.:-)
Lol woots? Whatcha doing there lol.
IFSC  CODE - hsbc <#> . SWIFT CODE- HSBCINBB
Sorry, some cannot make it so no meeting tmr.
Nope lol
Sorry!!! I didn't see!! So have
Scream
Are you submitting the tutorial? Or u want me to submit it?
Lol book lo.schedule <#> .
K latr...
Hey help collect $ for Joel present frm ur class
great! Thanks.. same place. Sheares hall - my room. I have my desktopand wifi so it ll be easier to work. Its at heng Mui Keng terrace
Can you call?
Shitz I bought other stuff le. Got other cp stuffs to buy?
Oh, lk tt ah, cant help u liao... Aiyo, thk tonite i cant slp ah... K la, cya tmr if possible...
Can pass to david?
Sleep my dear ryan!!!
Must really really bring eh cause left 5% onlyn
Yaloh. So weird. 2 wks only. Haha. U can tell your mum abt this. Wahhe must be damn emo lah. Bad sia u. Haha. See whether if he contacts uagain!
K..thanks..
haPPIe 20Th biRTHDAy. hOpe u haVIn a WoNdeRfUl TiMe juZ waNNA saY goD muZ have spENT a littLE morE timE on cREatiN u.. =5
Hey when math journal due
Block  <#>  last floor
happy birthday!
Where?
eat 2 maybe need to go nuh already
Nhsvs <#>  2
Yes! Very nice
s team got home united ah? Hmm.. I long time Nv watch Bball liao. Got matches at clementi?
Hey r u at hm?
Alex says he's not ok with you not being ok with it
Yoz hi... recently go out rather often... hehe... juz got my results also n haf to register module tomolo... wat abt u? taken ur results?
How? Nid being wat ar
t know you
Okay sure!
Lols they jus left. Now dad fren come :/
Hi Shawn, Min here from NUS.  You helped install NUS images to threedesktops for us abt 2 months ago.  One machine has problems withproduct activation.  Can you help by calling Anqi at  <#> ?  Thanks.
HAHAHA seriously? Did you like psycho your friends lol
Last meter reading is  <DECIMAL>
Ooo, I was just reminded I need to return you the HCi textbook..
do u think we can meet at ard  <DECIMAL>  tmr at the coffeeshop?
m test driving car and visiting cousin who had operation. Only sunday morning or noon free.
Hmmm u Sunday got go back home?
Gud morning:-) wat happened 2u? Channa aiya zd u got sik..get wel soon.cum tomorw. :-) tc
WARGH BANG BANG BANG
when you and derek done with class?
Warden avala apudi dhaan chellama kupiduvanga!
Hahaha no la not really! He seemed like a nice guy! Hahaha omgold!!!! I think you could if I didn't see your chubby cheeks picture!
! gcgcgcgcgcccccccccccccccc
Haha yeap!! Okay thanks!!:D hahaha I was playing a game!
s eye drop out. One eye ham...V sad 1 u noe?Häf u start yr tut oredi?
Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
I wait 4 ü inside da car park...
Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
Fis
Can sign up 1st right?
Haha yeah i know right. Had dinner yet?
Omg scary!! Haha i'm offline too!
Hahaha sorry! Tell your bro all the best:D in past tense if possible!
Ok. See u at  <#> am then.
Waa liddat dun tink can le... I got art
Bring printouts of nsb numbers
Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it...
so i have to bring the mahjong set?
I same grp as u rite
ooo. so late, i see buy le wat time.. haha
Nid wait to  <DECIMAL> ... Now chilling at kfc lo
Evening around  <DECIMAL> pm cos owner working too.
No i'm staying over, returning tomorrow around  <#>
Ohh hmm how:/ you get it now still can use for next time in uni andeverything what! Or you borrow from then first, go in ns return themwith your pay? Ohh my never tell me!!!! Hey did you pay for my sharewith my wallet?
maybe somewhere near. wait for my dad come back then c where u r?
Ya same... my qn 2 also lah lol
What D: I never learn it before! What the sian.
Dude are y0u talking abt 3 lakh for 0nly two coin?.. I found same coins 0n ebay for  <#> ..
Well somebody already offered  <#> ...
No she didnt. I will search online and let you know.
But not so great for me. Lets see how.. else pass it to someone inPGP who I can collect it fron
Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy "how is ur life?" . . He smiled & answered: . . "She is fine!" Gudnite
Hahaha good good:D bang bang bang!!!
Forget to pay u back for e food. Remind me when u come back.
Oh cool! :-)
Ok...
Okay five minutes yo!
Hmmm... E busstop near my hse? Can take 133...
Please sent me your address!
Yeap but can postpone  <#> mins later.
Real steel and johnny english. Then I go get breakfast with stacy first ah?
No
I HATE YOU HOW ABOUT I PASS HIM FIRST
ll go yan jiu den msg u...
Hhaha hao ah! But im quite busy these few days over sch, meeting Ttand birthdays. Trying to squeeze time to go astro still lol
Sorry today got people come my house so cant go out =(
Okay can. Okay u use the balance to pay then. Haha. But u don't bluffus ar. I don't think have much balance left. Oh fri is english paperright.. Haha. Eeeerrrr, treat her enough lah, my bday u also nvr buyme present. Haha.
Gher me hi.
Yeah la wood haha. I wanna get a drum set and a better guitar soon. Hmmm no monehhh.
Ben ask if we r having lunch b4 going...
Hahaha you can use if you want just dun anyhow poke other ppl!
Lols no thks!
why not give me a reponse, what are u busy with?
Swt. Ok.. Rest well
Same lor.haha.
Nop. Yest was cip dicussion niaz.. not fun de
Love u!! Now gg for consultation.  Then end le I tell y
Otside le
Yeah buddy, thy r taking. send me ur cv nw if poss. tc.
ve sent u da latest version of da project.
Haha i see. Pray hard that you will receive it bah. Lol
SPOT OFFER 4 Tech Support,voice-DAY SHIFT.Walkin on  <#> th Jan, <#>  to 1pm @ Pay4Pay no  <#> /5,nainiappan naicken st,park town,ch-3.Near central stn.cnt- <#> .
Ok
orh..n it has reached me...haha
I tink still can cancel leh got the cancel button there so u wanna cancel?
Ahh okay then I download others first.
Wif whom?
U noe wat i mean la ..
U brought ur tut to do... So hardworking... Gd boy...
Sorry I meant tomorrow. Is  <DECIMAL> pm @ serangoon mrt alright with u?
Ya too pangseh by rest. I bringing mosquito swatter to an insects le
Are you seeing ashes?
We guh talk da talk a nex time my money dun
<EMAIL>
we meet first den decide go where later k..
Woah haha when?
WANTED PART TIME JOB : Any Degree Salary:Rs. <#> ..  <#> % job satisfaction Job Description: "Kovil 'la poosari mani adikkum bothu." " Avaroda Kudumi adama pudichikunum.." For more details e-mail at DING DONG BELL_CATCH POOSARI HAIR@ Yahoo.Com.;-)
Have you reached?
Alright! :-)
Nai uska phn h bnd araha he
I will see in half an hour
Wed 2pm u can make it? For consultation with the prof
K
Happy Diwali i miss you
Yup! haha ohh as in you end at 1 then come find me! I prolly checkout before that, I can go sch find you! hahaha I dunno why he cameback also! Yeap hehe the rain so awesome!
Ok set keep in touch! :)
Reach lo.at where??
Haha you never change new passport?
Oh lols okay
Yeap yeap ok
Simi lj? U get full marks alr la! I study  <#>  mins go slp le
Yeah thanks alot. For now, I still dont know what I want. So if youhave ideas for what to plan in the camp, let me know eh.
Thanks nd nen niku cl cheyacca tarvata
Mere pas kiran hai. .de dun ga
Wipe sm vicks on ur 4head gently....
Hey mes is opening nw only d.
You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
Wa hmmmmmm then I tink later I go change put no sink state le lol
Bblp. I really so lucky to have u to sayang me. Kiss u!!
Sayang yeiyei la. Kiss u!! Dear dear got slp ma?
Gdmrn,il b there at abt 1 pm
ll b home tonite and tmr...
Wat time ü going down tmr...
With boonyu sam sean jieshun sandra tan
Slap haha I just got your sms!
Woot.faster leh.alot of China waitress keep asking mi are your frens reaching.lol.
Huh i dun understand...
Aight should I just plan to come up later tonight?
But oxidized le will be benzene connected to a carboxylic acid wad
Hi friends we meet tmr morn k? Izzati not free!
U later then tell me time and place bah.
Haha its okay wow I woke up to the sms tone! I think you got a v longvoice mail from me coz I dun rmb hanging up the last time I calledhaha! Jurv? Haiz so sad I really wanna play! Hmm how haha idk leh ~huh Mahjong? So random??
Poke my sleepy head yei yei hee. U coming sch today?
I oso dunno lor... Cos mei seems quite bz... Mayb e following sat perhaps. Actually wkdays oso can lor, 4 dinner...
Hahaha!! I dun think they will buy for me now bah, maybe Christmas can ask:P
Cool. Gimme a buzz when you reach.. we ll be done in  <#>
Hi Andreu, its so nice 2 have a new one. Patiently u used the former one so long.Capture ur church.It'l look so nice.May God bles u.
Respond to meeeeeeee
Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
Oh okay thks!
Hmm im not sure eh. Didnt know about it.
Hahaha just teasing u la! You mean the alumni house or the one at arts?
R u done at e medical? My bro say can rec u for other positions. Ask u wat u r interest in and wat u r not.
After I make u smile I will make u angry or cry again. I think I shouldnt talk so much next time. Anyway, u must finish e course ok? btw, how is e project?
Eat already cannot sleep.
Hmm restart? Or go troubleshooting?
Yea can fetch me? Nid GC or scientific calc. Eh I go ur hse denchange sch uniform? At home no uniform lols...
Kk
Haha oh ya. Sorry about that didnt manage to squeeze into last year.
Btw, i got a mickey calculator from siti. Wat the.. Haha.
GRAN ONLY FOUND OUT A FEW DAYS AGO.CU SOON HONI
No rush. Let ur body rest while u train ur mind
Sort of... you?
Ohh no I didn't wake up): your db at 4 is it?
U ponning hse meeting?
Not bad la... Got one pocket at e side... Army green and black oso got lor...
Haha.. Yea.. Good la.. You really dun need that type of work.. Lol :)
A BIRLA INSTITUTE student is not the one who reads the book before exam! But, the one who writes a new book during the exam. :-GOOD MORNIIIIIIIIIIIING FRNDZZZZZ
K.great da:)
I hired the lorry for cny this yr ma...haha..
Hahaha xP well I'll be checking again soon
m strezz caus my hyp not done yet
She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together & fuelled by love & concern prior 2 her grief & pain. Pls join in dis chain & pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN.
Woot.if u wan t-shirts from threadless u can msg xinrou first.lol.Cui late.sales start liao sia.
Liao *
Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
Most likely not i leaving my house at  <#> h
m in sci...
Happy new years!!
Yes.
Haha...so funny...i'm using the service alr leh....u choose urpayment method in paypal as bank topup or debit card?..
Haha your friend is who. Got sample correctly not. Need to useunbiased estimator. To me guys always shou yue more than girls. Girlscan't make up their minds.
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
<#>  shld b ok. :)
Omg apparently Baker's paper was more bullshit than we thought
ll not b yours also... sighz...
Dear are you angry i was busy dear
Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
Haha its np (: tired must sleep! Haha I only look through, hope canrmb bah! Haha it's 2 test one quiz!
Hiyo ü everyday muz eat smth one...
be with amma and mol and make them happy with your company.i will be happy.happy vishu.
Girl: how much do you love me ?Boy: mera dil mobile hai or tum uski sim.Girl: god me kitni lucky huboy: thank god usse nahi pata ki mobile dual sim ka hai.
2moro wat time going?
I will reach in hour
Haha can. I cycle down meet you eh.
Hahah you can get from lvl  <#> .
Wassup? Am on stage
K bye
Amanra <#>
Just left ofc...
Okay cool! Haha sorry about the multiple messages; I wasn't sure if                               my new phone was going through. Thanks!!
Sikanderpur metro se address:XL GROUPDLF CYBER CITY BUILDING 8B 5TH FLOOR.
ve bought the frame... If not we go ikea and buy one? Coz v few pieces left.can complete
Waa xiong. Lucky nvr pon
m sorry, i didnt mean it. U give me his num, i go scold him. Yah, tmr going to school in e morning den go work aft tut.
Dont gimme that lip caveboy
HI Andreu, r u busy? Need some help in translating a brochure of our school. May God bles u
Come..
Peking
Lol really don't care ah. Thought you wanna pass stats.
But like... the specific type... LINE do you have a pic?
Nvm I think I can make it in time.
m goin out... Gee, dunno my swimmin costume still can fit anot...
Okies...
Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
Sorry I have council mtg! When is the next slot?
As in sj gymming alr den I join for bench lo. Later studying whole day lo :(
Concentrating! It's pretty good actually,i am surprised.
WARNING:鈥㏕here has been lot of bad comments & jokes about actor vijay. Even his recent films like kuruvi,villu, Vettaikaran,sura got failure bcoz of these sms only.  So dont send any jokes about him or his films. The person who is sending such msgs will be
Guailan
Haha awesome, omw back now then
I think not going lah, so sorry, dun b angry w me k.
oday am really sad due to my negative results in my exam :-(
In my email I believe. Hotmail de, pw is h <#> . Sweetdreams:) mustdream of cp ah den comp can win.
yep!! I think put game complete instead of completed
joey can intro pls.
What happened to calling me back?
lnlmusicwfnu9p4q
Assalamaliekum,
Alhamdulilah. today mrning i hav cmpltd my umrah and im in masjid-e-haram now. praying for all our family
hi
Ahhh some stupid bird shat on my Air. Zz
m fine... Slackin ard as usual...
s research?
Not bad lah, but dun have time to study everything, so some qns leave blank. Wat u doing now? Now raining very heavy
Tuesday after dinner wan watch movie together? World invasion: battle of LA 9pm de.
Dinner at new york weizai say okay
I.ll holla later
No I just finished I'm headed home now
I tel u tmrw mornin da..
What time you will come then call me
Datz ur matr.
Yeah ask her come find us lo. Why you no comeee.
Yeap leaving soon! Should I leave now?
R u free
'
Hmmm 4 groups eh.
Okay can.
My mum say she dun have T.T... she ask u buy le lend her lo lol soevil... haha then u buying koi? I can go pasir ris help u take lol
Yeah meeting hongling for dinner eh.
Wow, cheese cake. My fav cake. Almost had an overdose of that on my bd.Haha. Yah,im playing in the comp.Hope to get top 5 in my unit. Last yr i got 8th place.
I go bathe first k.
Ya srsly better than yi tho
Hello Janice! Lol i'm tired rawrrrrr
V.NICE! NEVER 2 FAR?
Nooo bring down le
hi good morning have a good day
5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
Anyone reach?
Put gas after work
Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
What are doing not replying my text messages?
Tell me by 2nite?
What r we doin for dads bday?
Hi vincent I have something on this coming fri night, can we changeit to another time, say wed?
Please come to my office!
Happy new year! ^_^
Oh need pw? Lol I nv print before.
Almost where? Yeah I'm staying got the smiley face thing!
That's a great idea. Then I'll make a trip down on Thursday. Thanks!
Wtf sj how now
When someone cares for us, we think they r boring us. But when we really need them, someone else have already liked that boring care. Realise it b4 u lose. Always b in touch wid doz who r dearer 2 u..
Den no need go music room wad!
Happy birthdayyyyyy!
npnp ! all the new stuff just put in the mingxun folder I renamed it liao so easier for me also! thx! anyway also still
need one button for "okay". like the one u gave but without the background! need to have two also one on mouseover
highlight and one without :p
Ok show end liao... Bedtime! Faster go slp, u have to wake up early tml! Morn call at 7.55 ok?
Y
Well that must be a pain to catch
Haha. Okay. Mine still alright too. Okay then i look forward to yourSSB presentation next wed ar. Haha.
Are u free now.
Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
Networking technical support associate.
Sorry, I'll call later
s life now?terence ask u all if u wanna meet up tis wk end...
K, I'll work something out
Good night aiya. Bye. God blz u.
Ah okayy. Then got things to do before you reach mah?
Hahaha okay!
I know perhaps I shall! I need to get my tan on. What are you up to??
At ur house also pai tuo mah. U say until like t v hard 2 believe u zhi dong haha... But got tell can already.
Haha I was closing my eyes half the time!
Haha okay (: see you soon!
I fetch, what time
Haha it's unglam ~~ dun want:P haha guess! Next time I tell you!Hahaha I was honestly very surprised haha coz I was questioning thatguy about another girl! Haha it's very chillax, not rush or anythingso very relaxing! Well haha yuki just asked China girls to buy for ushaha! Hmm yeah and that's really far haha, by then hope I got moremoney le! Haha yeah! I was drinking water the whole night! Haha yeahwe all tired from the entire day bah! Haha I'll see if I can fallasleep again when you start rehearsal bah! Only some of us ate hahahalf of us were sleeping at like 1 haha!
<#> % of u wont send dis: Wen Jesus died on d cross..HE ws thinkin of u. If u hv dat 1% faith in HIM send it 2  <#>  people & c wat HE does 4 u 2mrw..!!
Mrt station upstairs k.
we r home. nn is napping..
m not too sure leh... U check e map? Thk 197 oso can lor...
U there ah?
Ohhh tutor Kim I see.
See u soon
Hahaha but then I cant go night cycling already eh. Gotta rest forthe next day. Sorry.
Where you at
Home!!! Kissss u
all the best for your exams!!
Aww okay.
I'm getting different shoes and going pee, I will be out in a sec
R u watchn ?
Missing you up here
I reach dhoby ghaut le!! I go toilet first.. where u
Lol! Then I no need scared you will forget to bring tmr le. HAHAHA
Nxt stop simei. U going out ar
Better not lah, he not my bf, cant use him like t. Haha, i forget abt yest already. Why, anything special t got 2 tell me?? U all not meeting today?
Ya. Okay.
Sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
Just wondering, the others just took off
Can u ask prasanna abt dat coding
Pankaj ahuja, sindhi colony, nimbahera, district-chittorgarh, rajasthan, pin code-  <#>
Haha another joke! I tell you tonight? where did you go then? I'mgoing wcp! (:
Hope you are fine. I'll go Dhaka tomorrow, and will try to meet with you.
Yea tink so too. But at least u will enjoy. Got 3 more sessions to train :D
Catch the Hottest show on TV this season "Hunt for the Kingfisher Calendar girl  <#> " Mondays and Tuesday  <#>  PM only on NDTV Good Times
U coming?
Did he laugh at you? =P
I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
Yo yo tonight wanna play mahjong?
Hehe ankur or bhanu?..
Ya still sick :( I think I am getting fever.. must have beensomething in the morning air. Cousin also unwell.
Bus stop..u?
Ya lah which class u fr
Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
Meet at Jurong point ar
Hey can u extract the points for ur part and put it in the way u wanfor handouts? Send me by tonight
Come come
Yo can you cm send me a pic of your wallet?
Take pic lo
Si
I'm already dressed lol
<#>
Ah okay
Okay. Da jun want anot?
Cheap stuff wat u expect...
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
Who he? Jeff?
We reaching soon actually
Real time full time cockster
I wished she was new and now she should be history because they should fire her!
Hello how r u doing? Wana mit 4 dinner tonite?
Where are u all?
Cool, text me when you head out
We need that to go to movie.. Your choice movie or canteen
Bye mimi
Yeah i was soldering in the morning the friday i go gayparty with nat
Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
Please start without me. Only leaving school now.  Very late tryingto finish some reviewing first.
Haha ok! Hehe
Okay cool
Dearie darling love, don't slp too.late
r u crazy? u canot cheat until like tat wat?!
I need ur help.
No problem xP
OK sure! I ll be home
OK. Let me know. :)
I am in front of your lab
Hee. GD GD. Take a good rest my wonderful baobei!
I am done.. let me know your plans
Srs? Why?
Home man....wer r u?
Hahaha I dun think ryan wants to change his pic! Ohh wells later thenI ask him :P haha coz didn't really want to tell the Rits ppl first,scared Dr teh later hear liao then give some special treatment hahathen v sian haha!
E butch cute meh...  Nvr ask me out oso, so bad...
Tomw dinner at 7.30 either jap food or ron suggest sizzler. Wat u prefer?
you confirm with me one day before can?
At little india, eta  <#> h
Nhsis <#>  3
Waa u piekia. Later got play frisbee?
Haha wake you up what time? yup if I don't conc you can get angrywith me! Haha okay good! Jiayou ~~
Sudu mama oyata adare eth mata kiyanda terenneh
HAHAHAHA yup :)
Ok, I will get three panggang now. Done at medical clinic, says noantibiotics will help. :-(
And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
Sit when are they due?
My sister got placed.
U say leh... Isnt it obvious tt i brought it along...
ok cya later... sms me when u reaching...
Hahaha
Haha after marathon eh.
t give cuz he showed me ùr 1st reply. sci? Wats wif é ex? Woa... Smart aint ya. Wat ù plannin to major in?
I'll text carlos and let you know, hang on
U still in dl?...ask alvin and jaime if they r in dl pls...they rable to finish their parts?...
Yeah jason says he wants to play
Haha reply? Yeah but it's coz stress then I sleep lightly hehe! Ooooh! I went to sleep for one hour just did roll call:P haha I thinkhave girls who are good de lor! How can it not be normal!
Okay,but the pump quite good. Quite strong.
Haha okay!
Wishing you a wonderful week.
ok!! love u! hee
Your ARP ended already..? This early? Aiyo really sad that you cant watch at home.
Ok. I need the answer early. Tomorrow is Friday already. Pleaseanswer so that I can tell them a correct answer.  Thank you.
No. Its not specialisation. Can work but its slave labor. Will look for it this month sha cos no shakara 4 beggar.
good morning have sweet day
We're gonna get dinner in like  <#>
Ohh okay! Np (: (:
I WENT BUGIS WITH 3 GUYS IT WAS LIKE THE FOUR OF THEM HAHAHA!!!
version  <DECIMAL>
I'm outside b <#>  now
Yo this is alvin from jap class! So this is my number.
ve got tickets ah...I want to watch also leh.
Haiyoh... It was so crowded... We didnt buy anything... Haha... Lots of pple in town. So mon we go facial with ü then go shopping?
U still come n tell me wat u eat... U v gd lor...
sweet dreams..
Night night
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Hey sure. Thanks.. Take care then.. Shiv and I will meet anyway andtry to get a headstart
Haha I need coffee more. Pokka coffee would be good.
Great.
prodigz frens junjie and james.
Dont visit this time!
kafi problems bhi hain is main....wikipedia main parha ha
Okok. Me too, maybe later u earlier than me...
Jp de lor
Ok
Tml free for mj?
Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
So chinatown pt right?
I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
I reached clementi mall already.
Pig ): haha okay bah! I'm hungry!
Icic. Thanks.
Lol actually i've never been there before. Only know got islandcremery there when I pass by.
Alright thanks.
It may delay.. U may sleep
Aww
Yea np
Stil im msgng no?
That's very rude, you on campus?
I mean fml lol
Pssssttt red rocks
de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya
Hi
Good! Then we dun need to do too much work. Hee...
No rush. Let ur body rest while u train ur mind
m leavin 4 two wks...Kaiez, u settle w joan first lor...
BAL  <#>
Argh why the fuck is nobody in town ;_;
I not sure. But just ask
Haha its cool! Ohh stand and sleep! Hahaha! Remember to eat dinner!Haha good for you! Hahaha no lah I was kidding! I don't have lantern):
Bhai chalega kya?.. 6 to 9?
Happy new years!!
Oh I mean used to be there lol. Seee you will find more eventually.
Ths is da only reasn that our mobile doesnt suport avi oficialy as real playr cant play avi
hi everyone,
I scared later they entertain me nia lol
Hi thalaiva, awaiting your emails!
K
m not ready yet.
Sian.
Sathyamangalam
We'll get Chris btw
Ok.. I will come there now.. :)
Marcus din inform u? I ask him decide lol cos i just now in a movie
Jayawardhana now
Hahha yup. We will be going.
Will call u later
t play already
s tt place, haven heard of it leh... Den meet durin wkends lor...
Woo alright bah. Haha see you soon. My mom made achar, see when youfree to come over bring some back home eat.
Ok can.
Haha I'm getting some gc love right now :-P
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
be always happy
OK.give me 5 min.I go toilet
As in just ended!
Ok thks! Ons still out. Send u by 2nite thks
Haha like that also can eh. Lol okay interesting theory. Maybe ishould try someday too.
Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
Hmm i dun think he is well to lead but can play.
Haha.. he no need sleep ar?
Oo.. haha today I ended early.. nvm, I go home first.
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
Thanks a lot bud I needed that! Love ya too!
Pinky bro wan go douby ghaut LAN?
Hmmm... My lect end at 2... Shld b ard in late afternoon lor...
Kk then I slowly walk to his house soon.
Ya y
Heh nevermind then. What time btw
<#> am to 1pm.
Would 6pm work for you?
Haha cab lo. Where will you be?
I'll have you know. I'm pretty horny right now.
But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
NEVER! I'm cuter!!! but you're chioer, I'll give you that!!! chioestin the universe!!!
should b ok lah since we looking 4 grp also
On the way liao but raining heavily now
Lol ok i on bus alr
Email already eat already
......now I have to get psn+
k. i board 153,i msg u to leave hse.then i wait for u at bstop k.
How come cut? Want me to call u?
ale aapki yaad bhi aayi thi par mene jataya nahi.. aur sunao kya haal he aapke aaj????????
Ohh icic! LOL. have fun! No no I'm kidding omg! Yeah I also won'tknow if they are really like that mah!
Yun ar remember to save ur outgoing messages oso...
Have a good flight yo
sorry i will be late. oversleep. will be rushing, reacg around 11. u all start discussion first
On my way hm. Tot u at home wanted buy u bubble tea. Too bad
Go to Angelas house after work to pick up the tv.
I'm back to my phone lol
Phr kb ana hai colg?
Kor,later u wat time back? Help me buy dinner can? I wan porridge
dads sleepng liao
Me only da:)
If u helping me 2 check e price of e Creative mp3 player, check e one MuVo NX, e one which has a digital screen. Check 128 n 256MB thanks.
Are you staying in town ?
So i think we must wait for round 3a liao. Why cors so funny one? Any way to complain?
I love you so much too! :*
I need give intro to my friends
Lg wsiting for bus le.
So sorry!
Orh ok.
Ohh okay lor.
t time u wanna meet?
Bblg I go meeting first. Until 7. Later le I call u
m at the science canteen... near chi cooked food come find me!
orh.
play warcraft online?
O shore are you takin the bus
Ya she sharing.. pay u next time we meet up k? When will u be free?
.....after les mis I don't know what to think
Anar ka piye hai.
Haha.. Got bored of it le, when I got more time then say ba.. :)
Haha yeah yeah lol you always say that.
Hi Andreu,good morning.Can u pls text an email id 4 me 2 send 2 observer. May God bles u.
Okasari fever saripoda mali kavala?
Haha which topic did you do? Why do you want to do that?!
At jc side now walking over now
Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?
No chance:-)
Alright sounds awesomez.e. but I only Fri free this week ...
Lol cannot finish assignment? What you need to do? Javascript canusually just copy and paste from sites
Haha we can go out later! If you want la!
Ok. Sorry.
I sent u the requirements for both CoA and EE alr. Ask me if u don'tunderstand thks. Pls send me ur part by thurs!
Ok lah...............
Maybe we meet tmr better?
Some pharisees asked Jesus when the Kingdom of GOD would come. His answer was, " The Kingdom of GOD does not come in such a way as to be seen. No one will say, Look here it is !, or, There it is ! : BECAUSE THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS WITHIN YOU. " Luke <#> : <#>  Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
Go there then they will go with you to your room then check stuffthen tada! Ohh crap I forgot to buy mentee gifts. And the one wenhuiwants to get will cost us  <#>  bucks each):
How much is da abalone? Got dried one oso?
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:Damo.Vod;;;;
TEL: <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Hokay
Wow. Not bad at all man
whn will u return?
bs
Thks DADDY
Kk.
Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
Omg I reach ws le! How how lol
Total  <#>  absentees today
ok lor.. if u say so. :-p then kiss u somemore. take a break nw andthen ar, my wonderful boy.. i gg out to temple soon.
Ya ya.hee- i jx took e basic theory test for drivin...hee2-
Probably not :( today's I have a lot classes, but not busy ones. You know?
Yo later meet what time?
Lol?! Study still fail ar
Ya. U see if u know how to dl lah. If not, then nvm. I think Gaoweiwould do it.
Busy? Wanna go 4 movie after the exams?
Come to lift
Hey we are having a bbq on christmas day instead k cos cooking is mafan. do u want to meet up to go grocery shopping or i just tell u what to bring for abt 16pp
Haha going to reach pool le sms you later bye!!
Yea np. Nxt time den go watch!
Sorry??????
Wat time eating
Hmmm u take it nw d..u gonna do noodles only na..u return back after half n hour
Okay cool. That'll give me plenty of time to finish
Sorry for disturbing you, mr tan. Are you able to issue me a letterof authorization to collect camp fees from secondary schs?
Haha i think i did too
It's practice with fun!! I fell asleep coz the breeze too shiok!! :Dhaha why are you sick!! Drink water!! Dun pass to your bro!!
I hear surdies get drunk and pronounce it
Dear where you
:(
utar li?
2nite can? I wanna nap now lols
K, no rush
m in my room... Later when you are done you call me. I meet you at central library?
Okay good. Taxi?
Okie cya
Hi Ricky, tomorrow we have to first be at the house for SP power tocome turn electricity at  <#>  am.  So is it ok for us to come to IMMafter, say around  <#>  bloom?  Please confirm when convenient.
Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
erm haven settle the time yet. but i'll,try to keep  <#>  to 1 free
Wh r u?
Hey lien... U wana me to chop seats 4 u?
Okay.
WHAT CHESTER SAY HE MUGGING
Pandy joined work today.
Indi finished. Sj first
t turned u off.Hav i?U free later tonight?Its a chore to sms...
Alright no prob!:D
Haha that's the least I could do for you every year. What matters isthat you will be happy not only today, but the rest of your life. =D
Hi tingwei, Sry can change to  <#> pm on Thurs?
Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
Will reach harbour front mrt station in  <#>  min
No
Love you aathi..love u lot..
K.
Do you want me to go write for you? Haha omg you really ponning assembly sia!
m so much bore 2day. bcoz of much work 8 office
I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
Ya doubt so bah... go town also can wear shoot arh =p... Yeap sinceall not free lol
Ready for d journey?
Hey cindy... Wat time will we go back on sun?
s no tickets for Lord of the Rings. Pub? I rather go back to my bathtub.
HI, R U GAL OR BOY
Haha ya lo... eh u must sleep! U need to wake up so early!
Wat u doing? Having ur dinner?
It's ok already. Met him.:-)
Ok...
Most likely either leo's mom or bro play?
Hmm. =( nvm then...
Where is my chouuuuuu Chou Chou baobei? Your lapping is waiting foruuuuuuu! Hee
Haha..ok.. u want help me collect?. <#> I think.. hee. Later if daJie and Melon cancel we go out jalan with her ok?and u can delete allthe msges:) haha.forgot to del
Yup gup
Hi pple... ? confirm watching lotr with us... 2mr... 1.30 suntec eng wah rite? If ok, i will buy the tic for ?... Wanna haf lunch? Go jalan n dinner aft movie??
I put 8am to  <#> pm but i think you put  <#> am
what colour do u like ?
Ok la your choice. Lately I've been really lousy at convincing ppl.
But does a dslr have decent video recording capabilities?
Ok, when you get home ima play the real version of this song. She kinda sux.
Can help cheat?
I cant make it at 2... Got lesson...
I'll have to see how good the etch is tonight
LOL I DIDN'T SEE WHEN I WALKED PAST. LATER I SHALL SEE. WHAT IS WITHYOUR TABLE
He said avoid chem rxn too. messy
Den shall i join u oso... Help me look out 4 stripes a line skirt...
Yea, tt'll be better. I didn't realise that i'm on the <DECIMAL> lb nw. Is <#> inclusive of the shipping charges?
yes maybe i'll come..in 1 hour...
Haha... Why le??
s life now...
Awesome! Lol arsenal is just good haha
Dunno but shuhui wan to c a not... If she wan we can c tog... My website can work oredi... But dunno y cant access outside soc network...
<#> .
No omg its a hilda tay!
huh? you wanna come in ah? btw, if your dad wants full car, high quality finish may take ard 3K malaysian dollars, and one week. approximately.
Cigg. Ke sath aa
Semma xperessi枚n po!
Lol I think I will wait at the bus stop.
Haha go there for wad
Wat r u doing now?
Whose lesson
Ok its fine with me
sorry you guys go ahead
The angel sing's a new king born today. The man will live for evermore because of christmas day. Wish u a happy and peaceful christmas day to u and ur family.
Thats cool honey. Called for the part, i have to bring in the old one 2 match it up. Love you too.
Basically got mcq and short ans qns like midterm.
ve spent 2geva, its bin mint! Ur my Baby and all I want is u!
Boo your team lost
RC <#>  =  <#>  Loc+Nat SMS free per day for  <#>  days. Ur DOB tells lot of interesting facts about you.To know more about urself, SMS DOB <ur DOB>.Ex :  <#>  Dec.Rs3/SMS
On mrt. You out? Where? I am arriving at boonlay
Dont know. Shall study it then.
I coming sch only in morning lo
Right?! I don't even know it's day when I wake up. I slept til 3today cause I thought it was night lol
harlow!! wat u doing now??
0k btw do u hv any pr0blm to talk wid m <#> n?..:-P
Haha no more slot? I think at most 1 or 2% gone lo... sob sob sob...so good to me! Ty! Let me guess u finish ur show le right! Lol
Wut.
Btw, can't have lunch, I may have lost my wallet and need to go home lol
Yo plan changed. We go grandparents on Sunday. Tomorrow stillpossible for you?
Hmmm
Goodnight!! :-*
Wat movie wat time where
thanx!
ok, see you at pink tables.
I'm here already. Outside the soya stall.
*thought you waiting for me.
Stomach cramps. DO OUR MONTAGE IN REVERSE TIME ORDER.
Yeah
You're such a stud!!!! :) goot job!
What girly stuff? Yx leh?
Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.
If you're not in love don't contact me no more because you are in my way I don't feel free, and I'm not open for friendly talks
Taka lor. Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
Good evening:)
Thanks, Alexia.  Hope I wont need to bother either of you tomorrow.:-)  cheers.
Ptl. Pls pray 4 aryana fernando, 8 yr old girl, at icu durdens. Thanks n Gb u.
Meet sunshine place on Thurs?
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:Sify.Manoj;;;;
TEL;CELL: <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
What an yummy ice-cream cant resist it:-p
Lol gd luck for paper later.haha.got study finish not?
Hey when u going ubin?
$ <#> . Ohh how's the rehearsal?
Hi Ricky, the color for the spray back glass should be the same asthe wall color, which we believe is Lily white for both dey and wetkitchen.
At cafe w table and book :-)
Hi. I'm interested in your Villa Verde unit. Can you tell me thehouse number and street and approx built in GSF area? Thanks, Min
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
General Cheng, I am unable to train you today. I hope you have the initiative totake initiative to carry out the training. Just as Tuesday night, takeyour rifle wherever you go, remember to do biceps curls and lateralraises. Report to me when you are done.President Truman
Hey xin... Thk take e tues and fri one lor.. Fine w u?
Nolah. Haha. She didn't. She where got so free.. Haha.
Haha at tiong bahru! Haha yeah I want one ~ haha okay!:D
No lah,just saying. Yeah reached my destination.
please.
Very imp
by e way, sat wat time n whr?
No snow?
Not the same. U r correct. In other words, section is formed when udraw 2 lines from centre of circle, while segment is formed when udraw any one line cutting the circle, but not passing thru thecentre.
Lol then we can celebrate singles day
m going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
Psh so ungrateful =P
Haha yeah I saw you too! Aie just randomly select one ss lor hahaha
Eating in sch?
Yeah so it's fine.
Hmmm... Not sure... Y? I might go shop shop...
Tis few wks veri hot man. me in camp also terok. wöuld luv è weather there too
Cannot. My hands don't switch fast enough
Friday? Next wk? 2molo we go check our essay en either go Cle 2 eat or JE 2 watch? Yi ge ren shi mian, quan shi jie shi mian? Just 2 remind u Bai Zhi Hei Zi
I will be arriving at
U okay already anot? Why got time to sms one'
Set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. Wish you Happy Valentines Day!
Wow. Apparently the oxtail vanna and jipson quah are tgt now. LOL
Ok no problem...
Al d best 4 ur xams.u cn do t v wel.i knw t.no wories andrew.do it.il pray.t.c.g.b
HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
Aww you must be nearly dead!
Where u
Good.
Yeap yeap.
I with frens!
Ok... Then r we meeting later?
7 to 9pm...
Leave the door unlocked please :)
Sam ko.
happy anni my dear!! u are so wonderful! hee.
Laogong sleep already? I go sleep le. Night night!!:*:* love u lots!!
Lv u Dar. Muacks.
One episode is <#> mins long. Not really long. Leaving at 9pm. You?
I tink so lah..No worries..
Thanks.
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
Haha what the my phone only just got both msgs.. Haha fri is alsocrazy, biochem need memorise a lot of stuff.. Sian why was I so stupidto fail chinese T.T i'm really damn potato:/ Haha nice one!
A guy who cares about his sisters would. I mean I believe I have repeated before that they are like family members to me.
Like I don't know if he had one.. also, worst car you can go at 3cause I have class till  <#>
1 stop away.where u all at ah.
Haha then how?? Jyjy!! Haha yeap now chatting! V fun haha! Its okay!! (:
m back.
You want a not? I will go buy for you... I reached orchard already
Lol you drinking tonight eh.
Take so long
Okie, yea.. Voice still a little hoarse but feeling better le.. :)
I've 2 make a welcome speech at investiture ceremoney. Can u help'
You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
Watching moive ra
Nth else. It's average okay
Chou bao. Bei u coming o er are?
Was I supposed to text? D= D= omg I'm the worst
Me? Sick of burgers? U forget who you're talkin to?
I can't keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *I* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. Yes, I wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. I've tried everything. I don't know what else to do.
Painful words- "I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But, the toughest is acting Happy with all unspoken pain inside.."
Yup!much better already :)
Soon, I think. Are u on ur way?
im well early to work you bum! im gonna stop home tonight so il see you when i see you. :)
i love you x x x
Yeah
Class
You Settle then i bank in to u. Ok?
Sure
haha go and die !!
Nope dad.
Hahaha you dunno the theory meh! Like for example you will be unluckyuntil a point where you cannot get any more unlucky then you willbecome lucky! Nights! Stop replying!
where u going?
Check with u, is Ven. kaizhao coming in Nov? If so, when?
Guess I'm just blind~
I juz bought it today la...
Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
Oh you got  <#>  to 1? Didn't manage to get it :-\
s in heeren spinelli now... In front o me! Btw li en says hi
Oh... I saw tt guy u said look lk barnabas... Hmmm, close up look quite alike...But frm far dun lor...
Win liao, say i on diet cannot eat ah...
Sure sure man. No problem. Thursday or friday
HAHAHA also can la. Lots of us staying at west leh, you sure ecp is agood place?
m having dinner with my cousin...
Yeeeah lol
Heyhey want to come? We eating lunch at golden mile complex aft bathing! (:
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
tis is an interesting project you are doin... :P
I was sitting there saying that I had some idea of might might workand you kept offering advice I didn't ask for.. I've dealt with thisall day and didn't want to talk about it anymore.. you're the I've whoasked if I found it
Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down ~
Laogong zao! ! Do u feel better today?
Lol wat time de
I will be able to reach dl at  <#> .
Lol general Cheng? When u telling her
U still wana watch bruce almighty?
WHAT WHY HIM LOL
Awesome! Friend, time to quit mc. You need the weekend to rest. Andall the best for your trip! :-D
Is it?
Hi. I'm abt halfway through. Will update the files by 9am later. I amonly free in the evening today. Thx
Its okay lah><
Yup. Haha thanks.
LOL I dun have at all! Even at home! Haha morning!
Yea say manz
Aiyo a bit pai seh ü noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
Sorry, is it possible to bring small changes of money?
U forgot to change the headings to small caps or purposely left it unchanged?
All shortdun. Thnx v.v.much
m takin em oso... Den mayb can go lect together...
Na I told our ta liao... u need to tell zhang lei~
Better sms coz lazy to icq. Catch up with u some other time. And good luck on ur job.  Don stress out, Chao!
Hi have u reached the lt yet?
ll do gem tis sem oso, i got not enuff modules...
Yep, same here. I've been sleeping almost constantly too... btwthat's why I haven't replied to anything on Facebook, sorry yo
Nah tt 1 no nid do...
OMG! Wah he's worst than raymund. Haha. No u didn't tell me that.This's way to sick. Haha.
Chey...No wonder. U wanna go town w me 4 a while not?
YOU HAVE GIVEN ADD ON HAFEEZCENTRE ABOUT MOTOROLA C <#>
I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
Hahahaha ya cos I oso on train.but got seat.Woot.lol.last wk erp lect got teach wat not.lol.
ll prob join 4 dinner if ur plan to go... Give me a buzz if goin dinner k... Nitez...
Yeap!
Auto convert coz msg too long. Haha. Omg! U said i old! Haha. Nolah,not all girls sensitive de meh? Haha. Nothing much lah, they justcommented when they saw the "join us now" part in the mno vid. Haha.No need lah, this kinda thing shun qi zi ran. Haha. Just kidding only.So weird.
Just now crossed ariyalur de... Will reach Trichy in an hour.. From there to college... :-)
k.. so pass ya e 5bucks tml..
Thks!
Mmk
Ehh nope sorry!!
NEFT Transaction with reference number  <#>  for Rs. <DECIMAL>  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  <#>  at  <TIME> : <#>
HURRAY! www.FullOnSms.com is here! - Save ur mobile bills - Send unlimited sms for FREE - Also send FREE jokes, one liners & watch videos All this for FREE
Hmmm.... Ya i don mind goin but she sounds like she really needs to sell e tickets...Are u goin?
Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
Woah 4 hours paper?!
No,i happened to find out that it's rated as one of the greatest tv series in history so I am giving it a try. It isnt comedy,more like drama. Just dl funshion and find the show you want and it will automatically loads and downloads.
Gd lor, u laugh at me...
Hey..i ask juwita liao...need both u and me to be there...so cannotdo during hols leh...i at vip...unless after exams 6 of may friday cosmy last paper 5 may...my vip start 9 may monday...if not then duringmarch/april?..
No lo..Suddenly get sick one.Hehe..Ur fren also sick ar..
no prob...i heard got new stall leh can go try out.
2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
Class started?
Hey peeps go play captain ball
Kk
mute? then  u never hearthe sound u  also want ah ?
Tell me when done
There was a nuclear blast  <TIME> pm Sunday in Fukushima
Haha oh no!!! But I won't forget you heehee! Haha really ah x.x Hahayeah my bro damn random! Hmm 9am is okay!(: sup!
Ok c u.
Dunno whether to watch a not leona say not nice... But finding nemo like quite nice got 4 half stars... Me juz went sch today... Mayb fri or next wk...
U got ask ur boss abt wheels lifting up?
What you doing this christmas?
Phark now I go there the milo truck closed. Cheat my feelings.
A lot of them are mine.Sorry, I'll clean tonight, I accidentally fellasleep.. but seriously, Liza, no need to get snappy, everyone cleansup after you a lot
Totally gg... I have to read up on that whole chapter cos I ponlecture lol... wow that is a lot... hmmm then I shall wait fortutorial discussion tml le I got  <#>  line sia
No u oly inteligent
Ya OK. I can change plans to come around  <#> . Then we go wcp together
Where
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
M n d way k,wait
Dunno d
Its okay its okay! The rabbits super cute!!
Oh snake I would like to see!
hmm ur fried wan join?
Lol yes
U hinting me to pass u e gifts from japan rite? Fatty...So mean! Lai...Mean yi xia lo, lai.
t be like that
Lol lies. Yesterday you also said that.
nai
Oh nvm thks
thank you!
Htcdroid
Wru
Add
Rol cal
Hey ü study already ?
Ya.haha.couldn't find the restaurant just now
Wats der in personal?..i told dat i am stil in touch with them so no probs in askin help ..y ru getting angry..
Hey andrew no prob if u cant cm tomorro but Pls cm for sunday mass.  <TIME> am.Pls. Tnx. Tc. God bless *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
Oh ok..
Lol cny day 1 is this thurs leh?
Hello. Do you have mob manning?
Will you be there
Oh k k..enjoyd d day?
Nights^^ sleep soon! If not tmr hard to wake you up><
Omg sorry I didn't get anyth st all! Next time call my house phone ifI don't answer! Sorry sorry!
Art clementi running errands . Going to da bao crystal jade. :-) no pork, ok?
Lt  <#>  can?
No I haven't sorted according to worksheets/notes etc but it's sorted according to subjects
Thks sis!
Are you up?
Hooray! Do you have rehearsal today?
Got new  <DECIMAL>  credits de study. But it's on sat. Haha.
i feel so lucky everyday leh. hee. mugs. rest awhile
Ahh but eating takes up time potato!! Haha yeah o.o we should settlethe day for our walk soon! Haha dunno where else! LOL my room!!! GoThailand first then can ah! Omg jealous I want also):
But not as NCM. They can collectively sign as individuals.
nitez..sweet dreams
No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
Aww... I haven even bought it yet.It muz be real nice.I onli sleep early if i have got work the next day... Im reading newsweek now...
Ya lols
=)
Hahaha michelle fabian yaqing out. Joseph? Kenny?
I'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
I found it liao lar... Ü finish ur lesson liao ar...
I tot we got Bukit timah?
s tt place... Aiyo, y diff venue one...
So miss u le!!!
To wish you a HAPPY NEW YEAR The special kind that brings Pleasant days, A joyful heart, And all God's choicest blessings! HAPPY NEW YEAR
Caaawww
Haha... Kk... Thkz anyway...
Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
Weds got nothing meh
These won't do. Have to move on to morphine
Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it.
Yes. I will be free. What's the agenda?
wat time?
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
re done...
parh parh kar thak gaya ho ga....bass karde ab
I"m in love with this air
Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
Oh oh go down together leh lol
Huh? No la... my dog always go there one... I help you find the number la
Hey mel owes you money right? $5 remind me to pay you...
Yes yes.. Shweta happy means I happy. A little noisy though lol. Thanks!
Its just decorative
Oh snap! She's at Walgreens!
Just sleeping..and surfing
Ya. It's a waste that she's not in our grp. I believed that she wouldhave done even better if she presents along with us.
Haha this week he will command his troops to attack. Muahahaha
Go home?
Yeah! I am gonna be the one that saves the day :))
ghar
Today went strawberry farm, lavendar farm and winery... I bought 2 bottles of wine... Gee...
I am nt writin d exam
Yeah have hee
Haha there's db on TV now!
Helo,hw r u all.care 2 chat any1?
Sure, whenever you'd like ^^
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
hurry up . starting already
Haha there's a long queue so if you all are not lazy you can gofirst, just let me know where you all went so I can find you later!
Btao na bro i'm seri0us..
He is fine I guess. Okay now
Please sms me your e mail id
CAN ALSO LOL WHAT NO
Hahha.. I thought you meeting your friend?
Goin to workout lor... Muz lose e fats...
Hey hey come down and find me now?
Whereabouts is yo ass
Haha yeah the pocket edition! Can show you tmr hahaha! Usually go jpbah, weekends sometimes go pioneer! I ate duck porridge! Yeap haha (:didn't go buy in the end! my grandma very cute, accidentally spoke tomy bro in hakka hahaha! Then I was telling my parents what canto abbietaught me then my bro dun understand at all so I keep using the "I dunlike you" phrase on him XD
Hey proper footwear for kayaking means Booties?
Hey looks like there might be change of plans... cook not coming next3 days.. so we are planning to go to grandparents house so mom doesn'thave to cook. If parents go and I don't go, it gets tricky. Will letyou know.. but I think tomorrow mostly cannot. Might have to push itto new year... will let you know
Ok good then i later come find ü... C lucky i told ü to go earlier... Later pple take finish ü no more again...
Wa really? Lol still lazing in my bed! Lol....
Ohh icic! Bored ~~
I just reach home.. I go bathe first k, den i call u again.
Hai frens! Hai jolie
?
Ahh haha so you want me to call now?? Hahaha yups we walked aroundbukit timah nature reserve! Wow so gay!!
I not sure le. Probably not. Okay go swim lo. Wat time
Cca where got Sianz?
Hi andrew. I wont b comin 2rw pleas help uncle roshal2 take care of evrytn.thanks alot.tc.God bless *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
Go sign up for proj management grp  <#> ! Faster go b4 we hab tochange grp cos random ppl chap in again
Haha I dunno! Haha I woke up coz going service what! Haha justfinished service ps late reply! I see my primary sch friend! (:
It's a company! Haha yeah but then idk leh! What happens if I get caught ah?
I'm sorry love =(
Eh I'll be late, about  <#>  lidat.
Ahh sorry overshot the time!
Yeap I went to sophie's room just now:D so cheap though!! Hahaha!!
Gm.
Aaj chaloge khelne??
u enjoy ur nite! and please take care of ur lungs if u going out later
Tml morning tennis ok?
s team.
<#>   <#>
Hey the form is submit under appplication for student financial aid right??
Guest faculty will take your class on Tuesday at 10:00 AM. Thanks
Shall I come now?
I think phan does!! We were talking about it at the lift then she waslike starting at us and said "huh what??"
Ye to hamza hai oe num save tha mere pas
Hey, we'll be removing your third pt under purpose of study so u justremove frm your script as well ya.
Haha im glad you can sense im joking. You should go check out at simlim.
Okay can.
Lol. OK free. I kinda forgot about it actually.. :p
Too bad!!! If you go gv there prolly can see my cluster ppl if theyare early! Hahaha what a pig ~~
What?
Haha dont mention. :-)
Hi Andreu, wishing u a haqy n safe journey. May God bles u. Bye
Eh ps I jus realised got art frm 2 to 4 le. U all go ahead la
Hmm.. 9th I going ndp.  Thurs?
Lol give out your rings.
Hey any chance you ll be dropping by Indian dance concert? (Amselling tickets for Shweta lol)
Training now poke
i will meet you sometime
Hi Zhong, so sorry.. I was just looking through the schedule and saw my name for tmr's service.. Am I still on tmr?
Oh? Haha what you need?
s ok.
Oh icic! Haha well he said alot of sweet things to me! (: hahahahappy happy! So you all going to cycle now?!
Not to check in but security is growing. I'm not through security yet though
Ya everyday wake up 7. Zzz plus travel fare. Mine just ended le
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Sorry! My mum and bro keep playing with my phone then I never check:xaft farewell assembly week? Just come to sch lah!
Ts not working andrew pls i am depending on yox
1) B <#> . 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) wkday nights, wkends
ok. thanks
Hahaha yeah after awhile I realised the medicine talks are all thesame! Haha just reached clementi! Going to eat pepper lunch!!
Pei daddy mummy
Hiyo... U ah... Old liao...
Sorry sorry!!!
Hahaha! Who did tt to u?
No no..hahahaha nt rita shes v.inocent
Side gate frq. Ya nid formal
Ohh :o okay then >< I hope things between you and her will get better!
I askd them to cm after 6
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
Heeeee. Awesomeness.
PI
Dear aarti kumari, Congratulation! Welcome on becoming a part of SOL,DU. Your SOL Roll No is  <#>  and Fee Receipt No is  <#>  . Interactwith us throw  <URL>  and PULL SMS  <#>
Good night Shwetu! Get well soon!! :-)
Ohh damn ~ I fell asleep hahaha ohh then how!
Eh? Haha it's okay le.
I feel remove better lah. Haha.
Ok. Sweeeety
Dunno how! Left 9 marks blank
Just try for a video is enough, describe it (who/what/how) etc
Hehe. If still not enough space u use both fridge together. Oh ya,remember your Med. :)
Nice lines 4 life: "Dont miss a chance to express your affection. Becoz hearts are broken when words are unspoken.".. Gud 9t
Ps busy
Hey tok to u some other day... Thanx 4 e drink too... V nice...
LG slp le. Tml we  <#> th meet? I call u up. Muacks. Love u lots
Supreme Court has announcd now that any person who meets road accidents can b taken 2 nearby hospital immediatly. Hospital must not ask 4 police report 2 admit him,its doctrs duty 2 do 1st aid. Police can b informed later. Pls pass dis sms 2 all,rathar than forwdng other useless msgs. it may help sum1!!
Ok, thank you uncle! Hee.
Help me go online and sell my driving slot on thurs... Den help me check my waiting list got slots anot,... Urgent.... 10q...
Lol you come so late might as well don't come right
we can go to PS to watch lor...
Tmr free for movie?
Business for lunch
LOL WHAT HAHAHA I WAS BEING SO HONEST
I later go withdraw  <#>  eh. jeff got?
Yeah she says okay. Make it  <#> pm at my house.
Yep got it
Yup, leaving right now, be back soon
I ll b thr in 2m
Sorry stuck in jam ~.~
Stay home got use meh? I thot the nuclear penetration shld b quite strong
Eh jus now tt question when x is subject it can contain x in theexpression rite?
ll b going 2 sch later.
Sorry, I'll call later
ARE YOU STILL ALIVE????
u wan to ask him eat alr is it? hee. he eat le. beef rice
Are u awake? Is there snow there?
Hey! Did you guys get home alright?
My status of paypal acc is unverified...do i need to get it verified?...
K d
thks got yr message. will ring u again to rearrange
s got a fantastic memory... He rem hw 2 go 2 my hse...
Rice ka powder lete ana.
I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
Wow how come?
<#>
My sis haf 2 go home n check if she got drivin next wed 1st... Then u wan to colour ur hair a not...
HOW CAN I HELP LOL WHO IS THERE
U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
have a nice day guys.
Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
Where is it?
Hey, no one interested leh.
Am in gobi arts college
Ok cya Mr lee
Eden of the East ED in vivio Daiso. On a Monday  ^_^
Finally, for the attic, can your guy design it as a trapdoor in theceiling?  Then no other walls or doors on the attic level necessary.Thanks for your help!
Haha okie u want 7 then 7... ting gf de hua~~~ haha... no gan jue?Give u more kiss *muack muack muack* haha watch  <#>  lo got dramatictwist of plot lol we tml watch  <#>  and  <#>  together
I thinking of u too..
got lessons
wat time
No. In california.
Lols u ask em
Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
No. Did u?
Giv it ta me! What,exactly? n"fukin"s
I free until 3 now at banner painting area
When u havin break time? Feel lk sendin my com to repair... Go crazy liao..
still ok la. nt that bad. anyway u gt job le mah. i haven.
i shall rcg in half n hour takin ur vehicle
Msg me community 5 imp topics...
alright!
Ok
Okay.. thx.:-)
He is out for work, donot disturb. kindly call him after 5 minute or leave a message. Thank You. Do not reply for this msg. (AUTO GENERATED MESSAGE).
Walking to station le bblp
Haha I also cant! I memorise lyrics one! Haha I dunno! But then forme best is aft exams:x
He just said they were writing it basically lol
Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
Definitely. I've got a few k now
You say that time is sarcastic one lo wat ultimate.... and everytimelaugh like mad liddat... u noe I type one marketing report dunno tinkof u correcting knuckles English how many time lo... my English ucorrect here and there also still so many error lah -.- I grow upspeaking Chinese lo of cos English suck since Chinese dun have suchstupid thing like grammar...
Huh so you didn't go church?! Haha I'll play when I go back later!(:
Ahh my car gonna fetch 5 ppl to the airport sorry >< but if yourluggage is bulky, can put in my boot! Alternatively can ask ryan!Sorry sorry><
At which place i shuld infm u? *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
Ok. We may not be home today at  <#> , but our maid will let you andyour bathtub people in.  Can you get back ro me about the other items?Thanks.
I still at redhill... 2day left very early the train still so slow lols
hi h r u? hw dare u 4get me :-@
Just checked. Dun have sia
Hee ok. U opened my eyes big   big today.
wah not bad ah...please enjoy yourself hor
Hey did u get my email... Can make it for dinner monday night at abt 730 at orchard.
Let me know when you're done!
<DECIMAL> pm today caan?
HELLO PEACH! MY CAKE TASTS LUSH!
Plz collect all relevant info n bring back....
Hey, we're home and I ate and all
Nono I don't want it!! Ohh no>< sleep more! Haha jyjy!!! I'm going tostart studying strreet my cluster celebration tonight:D
. hehe
Hahaaha ya.add mi in leh.lol.no time to get present liao.
Then nvm bah. Nothing can be done already.
i may come on sunday
Hahaha no plans on twitterr
Lol i'll be at my clss bench at  <#> h anyway
Haven play yet la... Now eatin my dinner...
New films released in theatres by me after exams:- *tension aaj kal *pack up sid *wanted  <#>  *bad dreams *ajab syllabus k gajab papers *marks mile *3 failures..
s gettin quite borin here, nothin to do...
Hi u gal? Wana chat?
I dun know, apparently it's a sitcom about three families!
Hey let me know what time. I am free all day. Can come over..
this sat wan play tennis?
LOL poke him!
When are u gonna get on fb?
good bye
It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
Cairo only - boring lol
I where got change xcept being more n more handsome? Haha. May finish!
OK Sorry we are late:D
Wan fight ar Dick face
you in sch ?
LOL Does it also include what he says about chasing out North Indians from Mumbai?
Bat met kr
good morning
Bulky gonna. Can fetch?
Why ra
Ok. How many should i buy.
We watched the fma with the sin people telling ed to make to stone... scar is def my favourite character. He's the only person with sense.I was like "YEAH SCAR BURST IN WE NEED YOU NOW."
Lewis ask me ask everyone lols. Erm Friday u can? Most ppl Friday free
But srs, what should we do?!
Jus sacrifice many.  <#> kg dollars worth of ticket
Running to a place for their food, meet at La Val's
Are you in sch?
How much r ü willing to pay?
Saha to chennai.
Hmmm..
Sorry but is Stacy in the room?
Wr r u?
Keep the sides within the limits of the props,, and ,maybe height  <#> cm
Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
Hahaha!!! The other half probably won't really wanna come anyway!!!Hahaha I dun think I will make it leh sad face!!!
There is a folder of your snaps in my system
Then Wednesday?
Oh okay.
Nope. Maybe dapaoooo. Hahaha hmm
Yeah that'd be so cool! I'd totally be down. Of course it'd have to                               be sat or sun, but yeah!
Hee:-)  mmmmm.. yummy. My LG more yummy! I go passed Malam look look. Hee
Okay transferring vampire diaries and The Tourist.
Shldnt le. If u keep ur back straight, form shld be correct
Happy Vishu Dear.
Today until 3pm eh.
Anyway look at the sms you sent me when woke up, you said sth about mahjong!
Haha yeah! Wow okk how was lesson today!
In case your stomach ache gets better and you decide to go, pls inform me n we can meet at 7 at Aljunied.
s e test period... So where are u studyin now? Doin wat...
That's nice! Finally can use ur new fridge :-)  Sunday I go see see.Haha.Sry for late reply. Went to bathe just now
Yay!
Watchin tv lor... Slackin ard...Arghh, so sianz, tmr nd to work....
No sir. That's why i had an 8-hr trip on the bus last week. Have another audition next wednesday but i think i might drive this time.
Dillon! What thing at home! Haha last time  <#>  she always get quitesad group de! Haha good luck!
Nvr log off la... Juz move e screen only...
Erm weekends only sat free lo
Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.
s near lor 2 tt area... Got one zi cha stall not bad lor... Cant rem which block izit...
Hi cumi.. I'm gr8 n wht abt u.. I missd u t0o.. Y d0nt u cme at mig n0w.. Hws ur bf n hv u g0t any sch0lrshp?.. Tc cya
Dunno what happen
Mm you ask him to come its enough :-)
Yup eaten lo
Hi
Is xy going 4 e lunch?
Ya lols
Nope my publicity head hahaha
Waa sudden prankin mood
Ok reached sch alr
Y.....Some things r not that obvious on the surface.....
Yeahh can shun bian shop for your shoes Xd
They at clubhouse alr.
4 o clock
Laura zai. She told me hers  <#> % okay le. Haha.
I dont have book.
This is Girisha.. I changed my number.. Anyway did you guys resign? Did you guys give a party.. Did Shiromi madam cry because she lost Dinusha? What did GPS say
Huh she c oredi... Then i oso dunno how lor... If we go c nemo den she cant cum along rite... So mayb eat dinner lor... I dunno...
Haha alright.
Where you dear
Oh got chiobu? When u planning house warming
Good. Take care.
On! After 3pm.
Ya where u
Here love u lots my dearie. .:-)  now at jp. We go safra there singlater.hee..
I dunno, fast! hahaha!
Yup attended. But there weren't many announcements apart from theones given in her weblink, about the deadlines and exams etc..
Kk eating??
I just sent out another. Lecture taught us that in our scenario, itshould be low risk le but we still adopt high risk. Haha.
Yea okay.
Be happy there. I will come after noon
Hey.... Tmr you wanna meet at 10am or meet after lunch then we dont go for the free abt in the morning?
Now got tv 2 watch meh? U no work today?
Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
Happy birthday Ms Chan! Dont be upset over your age, because we aregrowing old together too! =D
Hi Tina.. care to intro..
also how 2 create?
Can can or we do in pantry? LOL
Eh... easiest way is to take  <#>  and change to  <#>  at Holland v
s open in the afternoon right?
Finish alr..anytime oso can..
Why?
Next b'day adikuraen iru!
Left one chapter! Totally fine coz I have  <DECIMAL>  hours break now!
Lol awesome. Haha okay. Probably different people different thinking yeah.
Dunno. Haven't spoken to Shweta.. why don't you ask her directly?
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPR CD is  <#> . YP Chn is  <#> . WPB is6. From teck ghee cc.
s hair den accuse me of smethg i haven thgt of. Hate it when pple accuse me...
I see. Not sure lah.
happy b'day ..may al ur dreams come true ..lost ur teens :-D
Ya.. Like ü lo. Owl one. Haha.
In my email I believe. Hotmail de, pw is h <#> . Sweetdreams:) mustdream of cp ah den comp can win.
Exactly at 6 they close. Give 2moro. Only counter wil b open after 5 n u can ask them 2 hand it over 2 classified section. May God bles u.
!!! Both are fine, but sat would be better
Ok.
Yay awesome day of mugging and fun with @shaocloud @Veacon @halfasorrow
Oh okay can. Btw next friday is public holiday, but still okay for uall right?
argh! i went to the wrong lt, now going to lt33.
I think i meet darren for lunch lor then we meet another day ..... Cos i feel like staying at home to take care of my dog ...
I too excited already. When u finish
What!! Hahaha i'm going back to sleep once I reach home:D
Haha yup. Then you want you can stay over my house or ah ma house. Ohya I found your socks.
Sup got wat hmwk
That's still rounding isn't it? + round vs -rnd
Ohh not school sponsored? How crappy..
U cm 2 ambince i vil c wat i cn do.
Eh you wan to try 3240?
I didn't see your sms): I do until fall asleep, my mum let me offliao hahaha! Now my com ran out of battery x.x
Do you need your cca records?
Y
Meeting is cancelled.
My sister got placed.
Gave roll call?
They got rehearsal le...
But how long u want me to wait down there?...lolz...i can reachslightly earlier to queue if tat wat u mean...haha
<EMAIL>
Wan su ah wan su. Did u send me your survey?
Haha what's nice about air force is that you will work hand in handwith da commandos for parachuting.
Also, he rhymes T&A, B of A, and DNA -.-
Got cca and after tt nid go eat with family
Anyone can see that your supposed "hotdogs" bears a clear relation to penises
I mean I told you on friday.
Haven eat yet
Our textbook chapter talking about peranakans what. I think you also need to go leh
The people above me are banging on the floor wheni play my guitar...like, even softly. The did this last night and I figured it waslateish so whatever despite the fact that they were up screaming thenight before at the in the goddamned morning. But now it's fucking 2pm! What the fuck?!
Okay then see you!
Nights! Sorry to insist tonight haha but you have to get sleep! Hug^^
Dun tink so
Lol I get $ <#> !
I have a lab then... hmm how about we meet at 6 or sth? Easier to arrange...
Wht doing
I'll buy imperishables for you!
Alright thanks
email nai ki?
Hk drama lah! Lol so late haven sleep! Good night!
Mahjong at my house dude.
It started on  <#> , but some celebrate it on the  <#>
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Ok 7 pm at jp.dila out.idiotic shot
Hahaha I crashed earlier than you!!! What are you talking about?Hahaha i'm not whatever religion that is! So I don't really know:Phahaha yeah I think it's called that! Was it scary?:o i've never beenthere before!
Hey thanks for the invite.. i don't think I can make it though...have fun! :-)
Bring thumbdrive 2moro! Thks
Die
Haha.. I like... iPhone, MacBook, iMac.. :) :)
I'm omw now, be there a little after  <#>
I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
<DECIMAL> @ur house? Oh ya, ur, mom or bro at home?
Went to pay rent. So i had to go to the bank to authorise the payment.
Bring the shoes. I ll come down.
Just to buy a comb also need 30 minutes
What are u doing
Ahh haha I can play cleric instead! Haha I managed to hit  <#>combos ytd yay! Haha oh no lah you know alot of ppl what! Haha coz nomore eggs at home! You at bb leh, how to jio!
fat hope
Hey are u going to jasmine's chalet??
Haha thats why she's always banned lol
Integer means no decimals. Float means got decimals. U may try short, or long. They r diff type of float. But thats java, dunno c got or not.
Ahh haha is it the bride? XD they went Thailand mah! What whymushroom!  Haha okay^^ quick eat then go home! Hahaha only rarely lah!But I kena by shahid and other ppl before! Oh omg horror movie! Yucks!Haha I create dummy acct?
dar u finish le ma?
Ha... Then play other things lar...
how you doing ?
Julian says yeah most prob lol
<#>   <#>  8
Oh ya ar. CNY coming! Lolx.
see you tomorrow
Huh!? Aiyah i tot can earn some money... now no money liao. Nvm then thanks anyway.
I am in your office na.
Ask every one to leave de....no class
YES ...
Yep! What would you like to eat?
gd mornin :) jus woke up ah? u got lesson today?
haha..Though i tv queen, i dun watch hai you ming tian...So i never tape...Ü
Woo haha awesome. I just smsed lynette and xt eh but xt like stillsleeping eh.
Ok!
Darling.  Thanks for the 8-N bread.  It was so so so so so so so so GOOD!
Ok
So long never hear from you le . . . How have you been.
Fuck off u bloody bitch...
u go back le ma?
<#>
Shall i get my pouch?
Tadaima! My bro is not watching mlp! He's watching spirited away!
Ah.. watch TV! I went jogging, came back ate,read a book, slept, nowchecking mails.. going to eat.. nice life no? Lol
Hi , it's alright =)
Opps sorry for the late reply. Thanks!!
HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP
This stinks!
LOL HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT TO BURN IT AGAIN LOL!!! YEAH SOUSELESS FOR ME TOO!!!
Hi andrew got the data needed. Thanks a lot .! :-D
Haha died in eng!:x failed my aq haha! Nope they didn't come talk tome haha o.o! Haha yea... 8/ <#>  hahaha oh wells! I took the quiz lehaha what the the last part was so sneaky omg I think I did it wronglyhaha x.x
That's probably because the box spoilt
Wts zai! So Watchu doing now
I want you to wear black T-shirt.
Oh ya lol and jeff too.
Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
Gdmrn machan,i wl nt b able 2 cm 2dy as m nt well,i wl surely cm tmrw,cn u tl brian abt dis tng,tnx tc
Deepavali le! Have meh
Ok.
Face screen left sid
OK sure..have fun :-)
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Wah u sound so big leh. Haha. Okay! Thanks for the help.
Pls cme by  <DECIMAL> pm.I need 2 practice kyrie.Pls pls. *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
But he pick wickets:)
m thinking of u... So wat r u doing?
I am in front of yours :)
I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love...
Lol u nid help.
Bojio! Lols ur new place condo?
Alright. Sorry how do I address you?
I just did facial... GOing home for dinner and lao yu sheng.
Gv plaza sing!
Yup am ok actually... Jus need to let it out as usual... Its ok tell u nxt time. have a nice week end
I doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
Very pretty day! Going for tuition now. Found your card?
Yup... I havent been there before... You want to go for the yoga? I can call up to book
Ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd..
Baobei!!!! I was gointo msg u the exact same thing!!!  Except theface thing. Hee
Yo ai ren! Haven send me e photos of ur hol... Me wanna see...
Then u mus have collected a lot of ang bao... My dear this is thailand, they dun celebrate chines new year... Onl e chinese celebrate wat...
Haha each essay! and need to write peer evaluation, selfevaluation._. Yeah I totally agree on that! Yeah but they don't teachme sadly! Oh I was referring to eng dept though! Haha wow nice! I mustmug that also T.T haha yay yeah! Ooo okay! I might be going forcluster outing!
I scare end up in police station ma
Two fundamentals of cool life.... 1. Walk like u r the king, 2. Walk like u dont care who so ever the king is Good Evening... - via WAY2SMS.COM
LOL SO FAR WHAT THE T.T
Fine!
Ya, sorry, didn't get ur msg. Smthing wrong with my phone. Take ur time =)
s doing e sms survey...
Ok small or large? With pearl?
Eh we will be late leh the stupid mrt just now stuck! Help us keep the table!
Orh.. I see. Uncle nv say cannot meh
I ate le
Haha okay (: mtg ended le anyway! omg what so fast hahaha!!!
Yeapppp.lol.
Yeow xiang will lead us!
Ohh haha nvm bah I'll wait for you!
Hehe no no. Written exams in April. :))) havnt joined the staff
HOW ARE YOU TODAY
Any prob with me
Dear juz in case u haven sleep, go sleep k! Nite nite.
Call now
Omg excited! Using lego and other comp from scratch
I'm otw home
Fine. Do you remember me.
Bbq now lor... Nvr help me c my wallet...
sorry.glad you are back at work.today im at ttsh.see u tml.
you taking honours ?
Hahaha but vivien got  <#>  haha sian I could have got that too ):
I donno. Maybe when they add yo babies.
Okay!
hw was d class
Reach le oooppsi. Ok lg later eat
Nvm yo lol
No d
Post!
E girls ask whether u all can meet at  <#> am tml for our mnodiscussion instead?
m coming straight from home mah... Cya later then.
hee. tofay eat rice instead, porridge too long
Haha haven't confess or anything lah but really just implied haha! Iwas listing 3 guys I talk to often but zero interest in them, thenwhen it came to the third guy he was like "I don't think I wanna knowwho the third guy is right!" Then I asked him why, he said he didn'twant to hear his name in that list haha! (:
7pm. Btw the keys is now with who eh?
Haha same meaning lah miss dears dear dipx dipx Lo~~~
Jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?
Yup frm chicken rice. Vomitted twice laosai 4 times. Now recovering though
Www.utorrent.com..
He fetching ya :)
Can, I think I will be in bss. I can pass her the money first.
Hahaha provided you remember to bring out. XD
Hey Wads ur point of comparison?
Call you half an hour
s nt tellin me
K.. Thru msg.
Yup.
Haha what black and white seriously!? not like the waiter meh!? I dunthink I will get anyth today, pei me go bugis tmr!
Haha only just now, coz I really wanted gold very badly ah, when Ifinally earned it then got admin error like that haha._. Oh shuckstake care!!
Lol why?
Whoop that's great. Btw anymore thins to get? Still on the way to slim
Gud nyte babu. Ayenge thodi der me.
First say sorry
Haha... Okie...Wa, u got how many sets ah...
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Alright, cool.. and psh I'm gonna come talk to you
Eh what time? Haha I just went out for cycling.
Elmo
Did you take lsm1202 human anatomy? If you have the text do you mind lending one of my friends?
Oh man I'm screwed =(
Where? wisma ? That one ah... Would a guy like that kind of thing
There?
Yes physics pls! I can't do chem or bio lol :/
Haha that's nice. I never failed to sit though. :-D
U wan drinks?
Haha I did abit bah, fell asleep also haha! Edwin tay helping meprint (: morning!
Wat time going back
I dun mind but I scared my laptop kena =(
Emo. U done?
Luv u
goodbye..c u nexttime
aiyo. can sit down and iron. lower the ironing board more? eh benmama u got eat ur painkiller?
Haha where are you? If cannot find then nvm! (:
I wanna try ask for day off. Cus the ppl probably go hm at nite
Haha dun buy now! Hmm I can ask my dad where to get cheap onetonight! Or you could just delete some stuff you know:D hahaha coolipad?? Haha lameeeeee!!!
heee. baobei i just sneezed! love u too!!! we work hard together!shoo the clouds away. hee.i had a wonderful day with u!
Okay! LOL WHAT. Ahh what!!!!!
how old r u, u female or male
Yeah going school at the usual time most probably.
So oooo
Ya I free 2moro. Yh nvr say do wad le.... dunno still on not
Think so. Access the site then they say no more le.
Haha yeah part of YouTube awesomeness haha! Haha okay learn jap! Hahayeah, even if as good also not as well marketed! Haha why suddenly patme?
Hmmm....Have lunch den... Morn oso dunno can do wat...Was thkin of goin pubbin...
No kids.
That's good! I go SMS him. Haha
Haha yeah this is the intensive part haha I have to turn on my comread slides! Can chat on msn (: haha ooo the booklet thing? Is it easyto fill in? Haha><! haha not too bad lah right haha Chris takes physhons!
où êtes-vous
Hi LEA?
I think so too. Last time i told them i no bf. Now i must think of ways 2 hint them i found 1 already. Wat u doing?
Lol leh the person call say like tat.haha.got simi to look out for 1 not sia.
Okay loh. We talked abt other things leh.
<#>
I wanted to ask u dabao... Dam sick now wan chiong back sleep
But you did say something offensiveAnd it wasnt the first time either.
No then it costs money
Haha okay lo. Happy birthday btw.
A.Rajkumar. Lion brewery ceylon PLC. This is my new mobile no. <#>
Thanks... Oh, mine is on 8 may,on the last time i tried to ask ü for lunch while ü were working. Oh, i tot ü went out wif meijun on her bd...
Yeah, or are you bringing bot back home then direct
Imp
good morning my darling! U keep thinking of me ah just now sneeze non stop
Yeah season 5 now. Ohh going back for lunch?
Neh. Just that Stacy's no longer in hostel so I am wondering why am I still here then.
Lols I take night la. Mus share
Erm team name pohcrastinate?
What's youe confiemation number?
Hello. Do you have mob manning?
That was sent by cally ho. She making fun of you.
I need your appointment
Then i think we've no time to rehearse together liao. Tell everyoneto practice their own parts loh. Haha. Face the wall n present.
ll try to make it duno if ma wan go shop for cny clothes ?
Haha okay I think you should stay home! Eat bananas!
take care
Ya can make it but i can't stay till the night.
I just spoke to xy abt the presentation tml. Okay, can anyone of ujust present the recap/intro of the ppt? Then, he'll proceed to showwhatever he wants to impress. Of coz, initially he was quite reluctantto present but i managed to convince him lah. Haha. He also said tthe'll do touch up to the GUI n stuff to make it more 'presentable'. Sou all just handle the ppt n first part of the presentation for now.
I did not collect it. I tink my senior helped me to
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
If tierse's anything urgent cl me.. now im seated.. *Activate Rugby Alerts! Type Rugby & Send to  <#> *
ll call u during my lunch break.
Only one lecture today! Woohoo! You?
Can you talk with me..
Go where?
i will be going to d supermarket after work
Sup cd
U there taking photo?
Haha maybe! O.o! haha dun need ah, if you think about it I thinkshould be able to tell when it is ah!
I said I haven't seen it =P
Should I be stalking u?
Okay.
I been applying for jobs like crazy. If I don't get hired somewhere soon I'm gonna have to move in w/ my mom.
K NP. Seeya!:-)
Just agree to what I said. (y)
Haha yeah maybe I should>< haha yeah! I would love to (: haha okay><ooo haha but okay lah get to spend time with you, i'm fine de!
Minnallaye ullu....
not get e other one, the u will b back where u r now. Is it worth the risk?
Hmm I think 7 onwards no problem.
Post! She'll be overjoyed!
ANGEL y no reply leh?if u wan u can msg me at 96473920.
Ya. I rmb. Haha.
Which channel:-):-):):-).
On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
Did rina give u that book? Lol
Sure! Can we meet at around 1? Or is that too early?
Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
Pls check you mail, a reply will be appreciated. Thanks Roshal.
I have got another similar laptop here, that could let u utilise and move the data that u need backing up to my documents folder before the back up. File size 142mb. Remember to bring the invoice , thanks.
Hahaaa. Uuuuu. Must check first hor. Lp tske train can?
Oh... Lk tt ah... Wat kind of jobs u wan... Waitress or office, i help u look out..
I guess I can get out of bed
ll meet u tmr...
Doing last min project. Wat where u doing
life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo
Jus cut today! Friday wad day
Hm... Think not... Can pass to me this sat or sun?
Haha I dont know by when I need to give them the numbers so you stillgot time.
Haha yo! I dunno if receiving sms is chargeable so I didn't reply!Haha I think chem not too bad ah, seems like so many ppl died so Ifeel better about dying hehe:P is there a long queue?
Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*
Hi gal,so u stil wana meet?
K
I also had fun Erm.. doing stuff :p
Time?
Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
After the bus turn? Lol I thought the only turn is at whitley there.
ya, having problems with the datagrid thingy.
no i.m waiting my brother..
First draft n 2nd draft almost totally different focus.
CHRIST y no reply frm u can u sms me at 94626894.
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Bta na bhai oxford wale keval 3 he the.. Ankur, bhanu n ek aur.. Btw ajkal kaha he
hey hope u r good da
how abt we go to macs?
I haven asked her leh...
Haha what??? What privileges!
Lol because if im not there and you kena caught, it will be veryawkward mah lol. If im there then can say we happen to walk behindhim. XD
My mum's gonna wait at jurong point for me now. Wanna meet up before I leave?
u wait for her..we go book the place first..
K, doors open
After legs and paddles
Sweet, mature, charming, daring, decisive, adventurous, stable,loyal, flexible, assertive, intelligent, optimistic!
and it was lit!?!? Haha maybe:P that's like a freaking grenade btw!
Guitar: Quentyn
Dont push e decision 2 me again. I dont wan 2 make decision today. I go call shuhui first.
Lol then must stalk outside her rm until she open then pounce on herand Kope lol... haha this king normally a lot de arh... lol next timelo I also just ate this kind yesterday lol
Wth father day 3rd Sunday of june
H R U?
Ok, will check later thanks.
Going aboard again? Celebratin christmas oversea izzit?
Bt she is gud.
at least ur listening is excellentB-)
Hahaha alright.
No
i nv see your msg. I jus sent u the list i am considerin to your isc mail. You see liao reply me k
Yeap okie thanks alot I go check now
Fun le. Ur  <DECIMAL>  improved wad
m going for e class thing tml. Help me wish joanna happy bday k? Hee...
Hmm okay.
Agr RAKSHABANDAN pe ladki chedne pe BHAI bnati hai, To fir KARVACHAUTH pe chedne pe PATI kyu nahi bnati? Why? Is MSG ko AAG ki trha faila do Hame INSAF Chaiye..
Haha alright.
Ok. Love lots. Nigjt night
Ok i wl try to uth. .kara dun ga. Kitne bje shuru ho ga? mera pas hi ho ga
Huh so fast... Dat means u havent finished painting?
Gd morn! Have a great and blessed day ahead
At mu now
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
Yo do you know anyone  <#>  or otherwise able to buy liquor? Our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
poke u! make me miss u so much. cannot hear ur voice.
okie.i need to find some readings (again...) first.
My computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  <#> /7
Must it be squarish?
It's cheaper to do a plan with me. Unlimited everything is required if u want a good phone. By yourself on Verizon with your discount is $ <#> /month. Adding to mine would be an extra $ <#> . That is for the plan. Phones are cheaper at best buy. HTC evo shift is $ <#> there. At sprint.com its $ <#> . It's a good deal.
Morning! :P i'm late for the meeting, don't feel like going le! Hahaokay! Whee^^ oh my little pony is a kids show! Never watch before?Haha I dunno! My dad changes specs when he feels like it, so maybechange once a year like that? Haha thanks! Yeah haha he's a coolguy!(: haha yeah but need to finish chionging all my hw asap then canrevise>< haha have fun at your tuition thing ok I hope you get it! (:
Your brother is a genius
Nw v hav 2 pay nly  <#>  rit?
Sure ayya.. :)
Telugu
Have fun dreaming about imaginary complex numbers:P
Hmmm if I can finish my assignment jiu okay.
Haha you're fast! Thanks too and I hope your friend won't be too emo!
Hi, today very boring ler...wan go shopping or not?
the meeting is at basement
O.o cui.today got consultation ah.
m at 02 02 06
You started revision? * bye my friend ask if really need the textbookfor graph theory
Is it? Wah. Good eh.
My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
If u tmr got work then we play till  <#>  plus  <#>  jiu hao.
Haha is it? Wow didnt know you had knowledge about the stockmarket.
hmm. i leave at 9 then . haha. i at nus nw.
If u still ill then go to c doctor. What time u go back? Dont too save money. Health is very improtant. Take good care.
Hi Stewart, were you able to complete the documentation for the salewith the joint owners today? Thanks!
coming...
Haha yeah!! Ooo so reaching soon? Sorry I went to bathe! Haha yeahjust chat and listen to music!(: omg my bro is watching my little ponyand my dad bought specs with crizal lenses!
Nope dont think so
FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
Receptionist haha! (:
no worries.u ask he sure say ok lah
But u muz tell me wat u wan to noe... Easier 4 me to ask...
U can cook half of one plate
E learning got wad
Awww you look so sad
you alway like that
Do u want to bake him a cake? I'm buying the food.
Ok sweety. Love u lots
Ok ok sure.
Wah! But wads ür interest? Btw,r ü afraid of blood ñ needles?afraid of wad type of animals?
Okay! Hehe you have the textbook?
Hi Colin, we're sorry to hear that.  Best of luck with your project.
Yea of coz.
Movie just ended. At west mall
Wot about on wed nite I am 3 then but only til 9!
IT'S SO FUCKING RIGHT??!
who wanna go for pyjamas party tmr.. at cine, movie marathon..
s type of hair colour rite... Aiya, let em get used to it lor, tell em everyone say v nice... Gee...
;_;
Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
Chude ki kharkharahat,Tilkut ka swad,Dahi ki khatash,aur Gud ki mithash,mil kar karegi ek kranti,Mubarak ho aapko"MAKAR SAKRANTI".Good Morning.
Any red shirt?
Outside r6
Its wylie
绍豪会几点做测验呢?我明天没有一个半小时来做测验，因为早上一直到华文课只有半个小时休息时间，华文之后就有宿舍的活动。对不起！
Okay
Karthick now
Eh?!! Haha.  So funny. I cooked mee just now. Later tell you why. Iin toilet now
Kk...at least got u...i lect till 6..no lorry so push trolley...ifrain then die liao...
I rchd.
No. I'll be having a proj meeting.
Nope sorry!
Yeap!! (:
Thank you princess!
U gt remind candy?
CONGRATS!!!
Morning my bblp. Lg go bathe le. Big kisses!
Should b. If u wan u got 2 send in ur resume 2 e agency n think tomw got a 1hr product training. How u wan?
Anna it's big keep the bil wit u. *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
I today end v late. Going my fren hse. 2moro morning den go home
r u comming to the practice today?
Looks like u successfully infected me
Yea Joel me going back
OK sure next time then.. my class is from  <#>
Den ur parents got aggro? Eh Mon can do wad
Alright thank you.. in the mean time I'm looking like crazy
Haha I'm really looking forward to the weekend now. Yeah another!Haha yah when I came in chinese class she never say anything. No I'mfine with smsing now la haha, sorry late reply just now prac. I am emonow haha. Got zuowen now I'll reply later!
Hello
Lol pastamania.
Ya shld be better than finance to me lol... I tot u taking management?
Hi ANGEL can i chat wif u?
Watch Sizzling international models in bikinis.Click  <URL>
Haha yeah my bro is probably shooting looks of contempt at Timothynow haha! Cool that's fast haha!
Oh sorry 4 tht..
0k dear get wel s0on.. N cme 0nlne at nyt.. Tc hasu mwaaaaaah:-*.. Hav a l0vly, sweet n c0ol day ahead..
Or ask tencheer?
U call me alter at 11 ok.
Ok! Muacks. I go do now
Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?
Hahah not sure eh. She said 4pm there.
I see. Waa got lightning le. Later cancelled
No stupid fwds..No senti dialoges..No frills n thrils..Jus wana say,"m bloody lucky 2ve u as m luvr n hope tis lasts til d grave"! Keep rockin;- B-). 脽!Nz .B-)
Oo.. okok. Let u watch ur show first. Later then disturb u. I gofight war on the bus first.
Haha yeah most probably
Ooh private. What are YOU thinking of?
hee. ya,kept thinking of u just now but eye cannot open. i comeschool find u? or u going home to study
Haha.. Nah, just resting and waiting for dinner :) true beauty comes from within, and your bass's within is.... Hmmmm :)
Home d...
Not my fault right? I didn't ask u go in see. I damn scare also.That's why i chose to go in at 8plus this morning. They cfm stillsleeping. Haha. Nvm. Next mon submit liao. It's too much lah TG. Whynot u help them write? Hehex.
"Vision without execution is just hallucination." - Henry FordLast day of exams!! Jyjy!!
Haha dun want later I keep watching dbsk videos then you potato hahaha!
Oh okie la... Oso can... So c u all at 11 den...will joan joan b comin?
Seeteng said the stats notes return to u next sem.
But once u pass to me, it becomes mine 4ever, den when u nid, jialat!
Hi regarding samsung  <#> bw monitor, my best price is  <#> . Thanks. -wei qi
Go out wif Chiobu bojio!
Me, i dont know again oh
I dont have that much image in class.
I think we're getting -cafe3, -Peking
Joel parents dun allow. Yh parents tink he going out with cherie lmao
No lah. C u tom then ü
Hahas why so Emo siaz. 2day shld go home celebate wad
I DON'T KNOW THE NEXT LINE
Haiz i saw a pair of jeans, duno should buy or not. Too bad e sale only today.
Okie... Go suntec huh... There got one puzzle shop, but quite ex...
geet dont disturb manohar sir :-) all are disturbing him ... so be aware
So  <#> ? XP
leave some pizza for us. we back at 1.
Haha im strolling down so take your time eh.
I asked sj help me. But he now in hostel le...
Bleh still had to give a urine sample.
Yaya. Bout 7
Hi. Can u tell ur teacher sorry but I don't think I can commit toDecember. Thanks!
No prob. :-)
Glad that the chalet is shiok haha! So is it like 2 floors de? Ithink I might have went before!
Hi da, pls ask abt dat piano class 2rw & lt me knw. Tc. Gd nite.
Ya this afternoon I signed myself
Again missing text
Hinge broken, it will randomly hang, blue screen might come,basically anything can happen. Whatever happens, don't worry its notyour fault. All the best and thanks a lot!
Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
Yep!
Hey u feel better?? If tmr u ok we study??
Cheyyy lol mourning class are awesome. Afternoon class (n)
Really?...how u noe one?...
Anna where r u?Didnt u cum? *Dial  <#>  for RingIN Tone -'Football World Cup Song'*
Wah haha why change again?
Nope what did u sms ?
<#>
ll jus wait for u there.
Wads optimization and chicken  snack??
Okok can no worries.
so we both leave at 5 can reach clementi at same time?
$ <DECIMAL> .
Hahaha next time I go online!! (: coz interesting mah!! Hahaha socute leh!!! You will prolly squish shi-chan though!
Ok might come
But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
Can i use short form in messings ?
Now u makin me more curious... Tell me pls...
Please come early today
Rly? Tot coming cus lnp
Abhi tk nahi mila hai
Dob is beside the dry cabinet. C5 is the smaller one kept inside.
wearing a blue shirt and berms.
U watching the Rui en show soon??
Reaching soon...
Haha orh>< sorry! It's probably applicable but need to look hard tofind applications bah! Ohh icic! Haha speaking of religion, yesterdaymy bro was typing out his history notes, then throughout he speltreligion as religeon omg! Hahaha he never caught by the teacher allthis time coz his handwriting so terrible cannot tell! I just startedmugging:x
Eh you wanted me to make another set? D: anyway i need the roboexp to properly test tmr
Wat!is tht u gt other hp num is 0124613103?is tht u?oh,my!
s 2 sat fr now. Mtv havin a roadshow at orchard. Can get to see utt n denise in real person! Thought ü might b keen... Can see utt leh! Hehe.. Me findin pple to go wif me. Reply asap k ?
Chuma
m at home n ready...
<EMAIL>
New hostel lawn?
SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
Lol never hint meee
I suck.
YEAH PRECISELY RIGHT. I SOMEMORE SAID BUY. zzz what is wrong with her._. Sorry I really dun like her. Yeah what the how can she be sowilling to spend like that and be unwilling to pay for extra month inhostel.
Haha you want me to go online? Sorry I didn't see this msg! I showingmy parents my photos! Hahaha I haven't bathe yet:P
wai seng is ready, convenient for you to go down and collect? If notlater afternoon I go down but then after that I will head home le.
Hai man.!!
I just got off the bus. Walking back
The phone number in my home is 66666666.-- Lee
Can just apply leave for me? In case
Cant
Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
No la. You go? He he... I have a lot of food in fridge
m leavin tmr liao... Take care k... Dun miz me... Haha, juz kiddin....
u not coming to school today?
Aunty, weihao just left my house. Coming back now.
You should watch GoT with us Sunday!! =D
I now go dl then fly to Yih to print ba. Double sided ok right?
Wen is ur reserv for cming bck.
Hmmmm not sure eh. We celebrating jeff ruyi and cally's birthday.
Haha ><"""" hahaha okay sounds like a legit plan :P hahaha orh okay!Then I dun have to show up in my terribly crumpled uniform HAHA.
Wha so good... I heard from my bro, EPS might b an IT agency... Then u prepare ur clothes, transcript?
Sorry to bug you once more. If its ok can you call me back? We'vealmost finalized to take the loan with HSBC.
Please ignore last sms, hit wrong button
If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear & best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
Haha I rather be police. Yay I love to hold a pistol.
t have my phone with me... Sat 6pm at marina mrt right?
Ng Wei Cheng Truman <EMAIL> <#>
ll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
Ohh haha do you have hostel too?
Hi.Jst wntd 2let u all kno v'l b performn last at competitin.it'l b @  <DECIMAL>  pm on Sundy 6th Dec @ lawrncs chrch hal.V hav2meet @  <DECIMAL> pm.thanx.tc.hav a gr8 day:-)
Thks!
Hahaha what so random! But Amanda seyfried pretty anot? Hmm dun smsme until you reach home bah, talk to your friend! Ohh icic haha butcannot back out right! I dun know, my mum told me not to answer haha!I dun think foreigners find me cute!
Eh oops i'm seeing things!
So wat time n where u wan meet me?
Hey after 5pm free? Wanna play mahjong?
Ok can. Then about  <#>  or so can reach tiger brewery. Pk will callme accordingly la.
I dunno do wad. Only yik choong
Hahaha sorry lor! Everytime debrief v sian, end up alot of smallconvos! Haha i'm going clementi for lunch too! But later:P yah he talkalot ._. Hello Batman! I'm iron man!!!
Just bring the pizza to the class bench
ok
Coming back for lunch?
Got me leo and jason, u come my house first bah, haha
Zzz she say must spend time with family
So fast! Haha.
Wow comp org de term test result out le u noe?
Think so cos wisma t one they dont let ppl go in they like preparing 4 tomw. Tomw 10 am u come.
K set cya then
Took me from when u left till  <#> . except for the dpad and thebottom screen, all else I do at fast speed already. Those engravingone draw quite long la, like the sd card symbol.
2.Enlist 3 main objectvs of tourism
So confusing like the  <#>  at woodlands
HAHA OMG I JUST GOT THIS MSG I SEE YOU SENT IT TWO MINS AFTER I SENTTHAT PREVIOUS ONE HAHAHA I'M SO PSYCHIC
he kana flu. so how? still on?
He left his things and went off. Joel not coming 2nite
Ya shifting now. Den take  <#>
Dhawan for dc:)
HI TIMO JUST JIO-ED ME GO BUGIS TO BUY GIFTS OUT OF NOWHERE LOL, Iknow you have chalet, you want me to get anyth for you??
So tomorrow u wat time going?
Apparently they all are... haizzzzzz... I shall start on my marketingslides now lol... and his email he ask u compile the slides leh
like tat huh? anything lor...u decide
Nthng yr. Bs betha hun .tm sunao?
Okay... Where we meet?
s kick boxing...
Why can't ? Oo internet too slow?
If we were to go out now would you be in the mood to talk?
Not often u do ;)
Wat
Ok la... Thanx anyway... So u found ur job liao?
Oh-oh sorry I always like this. It is raining but my shirt?just wash leh. remember to take your lunch ok? bye bye
when if ur final paper ?
Yea damn sian haha ._. Hahahahaha yea walk finish liao sure shiok!
Mr lee, I am feeling unwell due to fever and flu, so I am not able togo for lesson. Sry for any inconvenience caused
No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
What
GABBAR: Tatti kr basnti!VERO:Nai basnti in kutton k samne mt krna!Ye kamine tmko pani nai denge Or tmhary chutar us kutte se chatwaenge jo SMS parh raha hy.
Ya...... I ll work hard my el höh test paper is 55 plus all the oral...-- will it pass
I call her this morning. She not there. Weiyun also havent collect yet.
lets plan a new tour this weekend.
LOL please tell
It screwed up. There's error
I called her but not on. Seriously if not I cant submit already.
No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
Ong tiem ham hall, high school side
Sorry :)set max.
Hey, btw, what's Gabe's sister's name?
I asked you to call him now ok
Pls call me at 8pm
Yes.... So u just let me know when u want it.... K.... So r u going to bring more friends?
Are you coming this evening after work for a flick
ok, i'll get back to u when my grp mates reply..
Yeah for sure
Girl: how much do you love me ?Boy: mera dil mobile hai or tum uski sim.Girl: god me kitni lucky huboy: thank god usse nahi pata ki mobile dual sim ka hai.
Yeiyei u so naughty lei!! Go drink more water.. tmr my turn to poke u! Hee
Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?
Lol mistaken caramel for ovaltine.
Yeah lo. Hmm what does lynette wants?
Erm... Tml 12 to 1 or after 2? Either that or fri after 4? Then can come visit my room! Hee...
<#> min's i wil call you sir. In meeting
Ok
Do u want to go eat somewhere?
Yes. Went to the bank too.
15-20 min
Haha she didnt pick up eh. I will try again later.
Glad to hear. so u knw wat happen to me rite.
ok. sleep well. cya tomorrow.
Manoj,i am leaving to qatar for an apt opportunity after leaving tata aig.pls do keep in touch at  <EMAIL> ,kerala
<DECIMAL>  bje tk wait karo.
U got work on next wed?
Ok il do smthng
Wait in school
By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies
I WORE THEM.
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
s y nd to pay lor...
Ok. See you at home. Working late but not as late as you.
Can means buy?
Blanket is outside your door. Don't know whether you will get cold.Also your tea is in the dry kitchen refrigerator, wrapped withplastic.
HI MAX UR ALS PLS
Leaving now. Please start first. :-)
<#>   <#>   <#> . But not sure he confirmed not
Haha idm ah! Ooo wow cool!! So much haha! Kara as in shichi ji karameans from (: haha rent out de, got this one and the one I used tostay in! Haha is it? But I dun really like being girly! Heehee yo bro!haha made is like shichi ji kara ku ji made, from 7 o clock until 9 oclock (:
Taka. Where r u?
Chl phr to kuch ni ho skta tha
Hmm.. since she already bought, then nvm la.. we juz pay her lor..Ithink now the rate is  <DECIMAL>  to  <DECIMAL>  .. so each pay about<#>  to  <#>  dollars?.. ok la..
<#>  for 4 at stumps:)
Dunno prolly 3
Figured xP
Great, got it!
Up to u lor... I anythin one... Tt means u not comin liao rite...
Haha like guy songs that are fast, haha yeah i'm falling asleepalso>< ooo icic! Yeah pan will probably get it! Hahaha what :P youdidn't put them on!!!
Wan train 2moro??
Where u all eating
Yeah she told me already.
Dunno y u ask me.
Lg eat le. Today aunty came over.
I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
Truman said they 4 arent going. Maybe going for the real thing but not the meeting tmr. Sian really shoulda stayed at home.
When u finish mob tell me?  Wee ann and I have been doing eg projectfor the last 3 hrs. Might need to add in more details for challenger.
Chating chal rahi hai usse.
Np~~~~ I didn't do much anyway!!:D
Not very sure eh... neva buy before. U may want to try other software like 美图秀秀, tat one i htink is free
Your Web password for accessing My Airtel login Id  <#>  is hwqz <#> . Login now and also register to email bill service at My Airtel. Please note password received is of 8 characters (first 4 are alphabets in lower case and last 4 are numbers).鈥㏕o a
Yea gonna do. How do
No luck?
That depends on what I tell my mom. But now I have to correct my statement by telling my mom I will be having chalet next week.
Like me. Somemore I waited at wrong bus stop for  <#>  mins
Didi b0l na mahesh ko
Nowadays people are notixiquating the laxinorficated opportunity for bambling of entropication.... Have you ever oblisingately opted ur books for the masteriastering amplikater of fidalfication? It is very champlaxigating, i think it is atrocious.. Wotz Ur Opinion???? Junna
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Nice!!
Thanks! You have a happy birthday!
Looks like you've got the wrong number. This is Brandon
In the morning. Hee. Sis gt tuition at ys tmr
Yeap ok.copying the programs into hdd.lol.u collecting today can copy to ur Mac straight wat y nid use Qiang laptop.
ll go swim...
Si fierce. Woodlands.
the life is a chain,it will come orderly
Gud nit.. Slp wl..
why u wan to noe ?
Ok nvm then thks
No scratch. Perfect condition. :D
I dun know! come ard um 8 or 9?
Wat time will u be done
Gerl hi care 2 chat?
Haha I just left the house! Glad to see that you woke up!
aiya, chou chou i lvg hse. tink will late abit
Oh oh. No ct today?
Den i hv a problem
Hi, other than the 3 types of forms as mentioned. I need 3 moreenvelops. Stock balance wise, WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . CH is  <#> .WPB is  <#> . CD is  <#> . YPB id  <#> . From ulu pandan cc. Thanks.
I tmr no sch. Then  <DECIMAL>  bah
Kk.. thanks!! :) life not too bad. Yours? Enjoyed ur trip?
Nhi bhai kal hi ka date hai. Koi nhi ho jayega. Aa ja.
Yeh. The comin mon? Wana makan where?eatin ex food or cheap ñ good food.
Sorry, I'll call later
well... sounds fine... i have not watch a movie for some time now... time to catch a break
Hi Sis, the padlock is  <#> .  Front door currently not locked.
well...
dearie, what time u leaving  hse?
Are you free at 7?
Ahh kismis. Opposite canteen 2.
Yea wat time
Haha I have no idea!
Ok. Usual time
Hey dad later I watching horror movie at  <DECIMAL> pm at tm with soh jie
Thanks machan! :-)
Haiiiiiiiiiiii.
Hai . . .
Wat time done
Hi darlin did you Phone me? Im at Home if you wanna chat.
s going thru tutorial today? Is today the last lecture?
You don't have to, but hopefully not more than like fifteen min
I buy sin ming
Yes... Walking there...
Whoop 3 rounds of pong at ZoneX :3
Lol the bag like too cui to bring to school.will look like sec school kid.wahaha.China trip not fun?every day buffet?lol.
Haha okay I'll check with them bah>< you sure can't go?
Hmm im still getting people eh. Havent really start promoting yet. Iwill go to schools next week to get my participants first.
Is she drinkin
That's good.
Yay thks
Eh we going cut hair now
Okay okay. Can. Of coz i won't mind. Haha. Becoz that time chunminsaid can go thru her mah n since u all see each other often in sch, sosometimes, i just thought of smsing her. For mno, if no extra meeting,shld be meeting on this fri lah. We've yet to talk abt thepresentation.
Bhai tu chala ja
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Who u
:-) happy birthday! talk soon..
That's your fault!
Ok (:
Dont u got it
Baaaaaaaabe! Wake up ! I miss you ! I crave you! I need you!
Rits!!!! (: (:
Plz...
Haha..Like that also can ar..Haha..U want to exchange xmas present with me ma..Hehe..
D n J. sean. wet field select light body wt between 450-470. n light wt have strength from behind because leading horse reduce the speed.
Lol
Oh ok yeah sure
m on my way liao...
Yeap.. Cab
Hi this is shun git. I'm working on it yeah.
FIS
Haha my number too easy to guess le.
Ok. Great news for you and Desmond too.  Thanks for your help. :-)
Exactly!
i like it so much because it is not like me
m rooting for you man!
Haha I also break but I go clementi eat now lol...
Ps nxt time na. Jus go train lo!
Hi Yijue, sorry for this late reply, i was with client. Tonight i might not be able to go, my appt at 530 was postponed to 8. sorry for that, you have fun ok?
n bus stop
Ok thanks! I later afternoon still got project meeting Lo next wedpresentation le -.- dunno can go or not hope the medicine work...
??
hey won't be able to make it.. its shiv s bday as well.. so will justwish him. have fun!
Nope only herngyi coming! I left le, asked the juniors to attend tohim! Haha you want to call them to check? Its alright! (:
Oh. Ic. Haha. Not bad lah office environment. U'll be used to it soon. Haha.
Are you voting?
Morning 9 meet kallang mrt u can?
Gr8.
U now at home?
Yay okay!!(:
No no if i need it urgently i will let you know. Everything stillneed to wait for the proposal to approve.
Good Day biscuit cashew wala lete ana.
ok!! I go tale a
look
Will u?
Hmmm ok cos I at home got medicine din go see doctor.. wa liew tinkeat something wrong yesterday sia... even my throat also pain Lo...
Ok sure thanks!
Okay,meet you downstairs.
Ok I walking there now.
I didn't notice the date until I sent mom an into the woods referencetoo! Eek! I'm super sorry and I love you so much dad and hope you hada good birthday! Sorry, I'm terrible =( happy birthday dad, I loveyou.. give me a call next time you're free/it's not the middle of thenight ohio time.. sorry!!
t get anything for dinner ok?
I dunno leh... Cant get into cors... Did u get? Den e interview how ah, do we go tmr, so confusing...
Hi Alvin, my email address is  <EMAIL> .  thank you!
No money in Skype. Will talk later. Just let me know how much in Ammaportfolio then. Remaining in reliance right?
wah! he let me go KL i happy already. cannot ask too much. but nvm,after exam i go over to watch with u some other show. hee.
So tazz u do work right... How long have u been chatting in gamma?
Waa u play instruments?
Haha just sneakers lo.
Shah means?
Any hmwk/ quiz for honor?
Want to come out for a drink now?
Haha yeah not impt so long time later! Dun need lah haha you alreadysuper nice to me le! Haha pig! Haha after pe I'll continue doingTioman report, then send and sleep a little before dinner! v^^
Hmm I'm ponning! Chest is really too congested. Wa so late then eatlunch! Drop it? You don't need it to grad?
Oh ho
What? I don't understand, I'm too busy feeling inferior over my lackof male sex organs
When u photocopying?
Haha serious eh. Okay. Heh 1 more hour to go.
8am.
No, I was trying it all weekend ;V
Dunno got the cleaning or Not.. I Dunno how many pages yet. U wrotehow long already?
Bojio...
Yes lol. Sorry I just woke up.
yar control chap 2,3,4 to include nai ha na?
I got tut at  <#> am leh. Ask him to come at  <#> am too bah.
Confirm but I haven tell my friend. Scared him feel lonely. Never mind I think he understand. take care miss
Have!! Muacks
Li Mei.. I need a help from you.. Can you help me to print a excel sheet.. I don't know how to setup the page properly..
Okayy! (:
Haha..Good things hafta come to an end..Most importantly..you must leave e place without any regrets..
Ok den i come look for u...
Bye
THANKS I LOVE YOU!!!!
I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
eh.. wat u doin for xmas eve? ill b havin a house party at my place. feel free to come?
hi dad how are you? i am fine and i wish the same. when will you come to India?
At the very most
Come to field tomorrow. we have a match.
I m chinese. Male. 22. KL. Can i have your number?
TicketNew Confirmation no is  <#> / <#>  Siruthai (U/A) - Tamil on Sun  <#> / <#>   <TIME>  PM Seats EE <#>  -  <#> ,FF <#>  -  <#>  at Sangam Cinemas.Thank you
Mentally ok but I think body is failing lor. Anw it must be quiteserious cos my uncle's booking plane ticket already haha.
Yup OK
Lols ps. Holidays ask Dylan sx play bball
have a good night!
Hmmm free from  <#>  to  <#> ... why?
No only women are hard to read.
WTF?
Wow omg! Go jio one of them XD
Ps was sleeping
Macho im leavin nw.U 2marw.t.c.bye.g.b
Wishing you a wonderful week.
We did a westerb blot ah?
Ffhgcdxh
T.T fineeeeeee! Oink oink! I want to sleep!
Ok.....
wah, so expensive ah! thermometer spoiled issit..ü did ur sis feel unwell? i reached home le, goin to bathe. Ü
Can send me ur scv
I didnt giv any idea
Nuv ekkada? Naku seat unda bus lo
Lol unicyling
Ya, paiseh.
Yep
ds in before it complete
Ya... I dun mind lor...
I dont care when you disturb me. But i get disturbed when you dont disturb me.
Lol happy new year jeff!
Text missing
cm <#> . haha, tyty
Help me da
First and only one! I mean minus the cheapo one I found haha! Nopenot buff so must gym): Yeah got diff, yours says changed mind haha!
Later when u free den i call u k.
Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
Come out
Physics test till where
Can can (:
<#>   <EMAIL>  Facebook: Mujhgan Creation Neelum
K. I will sent it again
Ohh and I'll ask hilda about tues! But I can only go in the morning!
Oh okay. Nvm I try makin kite then!
m busy doing some stuff..so dont tink got time to call u..
Aiya. 1 more traffic light. I thot u'd come out later then I went to bathe.
K
I go over now okay?
Tomorrow at twelve... Next to cafe cartel at serangoon gardens.
LOL YES. and ryan ask you rmb bring pink tie tmr! Hmm how! Do youmind bingjie??
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
Haiz... They ask me to go back to my department and ask...  Waste my time...
m not goin lor... U goin?
Erm I only know Ruyi going, the rest I not sure.
Sweeeety!! On bus to north point le.
Give me hotel tel no.
Waa. Erm I help u find
It's part 2 wad
I'm awake oh. What's up.
When class end
Haha.cs4 I dun have liao.upgraded then of cos throw away old version.
Sorry!!
Huh.oh.oops.hahaha.too hardworking.but still got lecture ah?he haven't finish?lol.
Hahaha die lo. Bobian.
Okay thanks.
I ate not long ago but can join u for light snacks?
Ohh okay! Just nice I woke up to my alarm! Wahhs she so bad! So howwas rehearsal!
Yupz... I went to tis factory outlet n e mambo stuff is damn cheap... Torquay izit far frm town... Anyway, thanx k...
Up to u
Yay:D I saw the smiley book with raghav ytd:D
hi violyn can intrn pls?
Ya.but at least the Zhenxiu like try to put in some effort to cover as much compared to the candy ah so aiya <#> %. U see change wat then change lor.I already change some ang moh already if not sound more like talking.
* <#> *0#
You called?
Haha feeling much better! Yeap very soon!!!(:
Training now
|;-):-*:-D| {[(:-)g)]} {[(:-D貌)]} {[(;-)枚)]} {[(:-P冒)]} {[(:->锚)]} {[(B-)v)]} {[(:-*帽)]} {[(;->g)]} |:-|:-P:-O|
yar kidhar ho..emt ki class ho rahi ha ...sir masla discuss kar rahe the
I can't describe how lucky you are that I'm actually awake by noon
Meet where?
No nd me to intro someone oso got lotsa admirer liao wat... K la, thurs no changes liao ah...
I.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
Yeah it's fine.
I trusted u only na..i thaught sterday atleast u would giv d code but u didnt.then only i went to an another option..
Ice hills
Not gd day today... Very sleepy now... Slept 4 3 hrs only. So u off day ah...
Lol y u send mi the same SMS twice.Haha.
No need think so hard lah..lol. But still... NO kfc! Lol.
Laxmi Ji Har Rat Chand Ban K Aaye , Din Ka Ujala Shaan Ban K Aaye , Kabhi Dur Na Ho Apke Chehre Se Hnsi , Ye Diwali Aisi Mehmaan Bn K Aye Happy Diwali fr0m- sunder das kriplani
Hi, thanks.  Ill try to stop by b4 5pm
Ok
Thk ending soon...where r ur?
In life when you face choices Just toss a coin not becoz its settle the question But while the coin in the air U will know what your heart is hoping for. Gudni8
m lookin 4 a job...
Orh ok, I'll go after my lessons. I dun think I got time to visitruyi cause lessons end at 4. Lol wad to do between 4 to 5 plus? Lol
Oh sure. Haha. But your cousin cannot huh? Her position like higher leh. Haha.
vkbk5x5
m goin to sign up 4 somethin la...
You plan le then tell me lo.
attendance dekh kar ata ho
Go dorm it
ll b done at 3... Cant go yck in time... Paiseh...
Okok! Wat time?
When you going Paaritosh house
U can try reading the notes
Hi, reminder that the meeting for legal aspects is 1pm at com1 tmr.(Wed). Do have some materials ready to discuss the preferred topic.Thanks! Seeya.:-)
Hi andrew, could u pls send me mobile # of Harishan Arulseelan who's nw in 2nd yr, he helped us 4 localization thing in our proj.need 2 contact him. Thilini
Ends at 8 i think. I mean tdy.
Just woke up:x sup!
I know a few people with that description I think. Why don't go say hi? ;-)
One min
Good! But xuhui going to watch tmr... Maybe can get wombat!
Fuuu i was there
No need to ke qi... Ü too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
I think don't have leh. Paiseh ar. Haha.
Wake up long ago. Now i watching tv. I anytime also can. Once u ready den u come lah.
Hey eddie.. Sorry i missed ur call.. Wats up?
Yup.
I'm inside cloth
william hung the one talent you dun wanna miss. Brilliant performance, even better than ricky martin... Bang on
I went to the hdb further down from the bus stop!
Poor girl can't go one day lmao
Thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. I also miss you da.
s equity?
Ok
Hey any one of u know d coding of huffman tree..plz if u knw means just rply me na...:-(:-(
i am at school already. bring your umbrella because it's raining or take a taxi cab if the weather gets worse. i love you
Nah. It was such a close shave! Almost lost but then luck is on my side. Really miss him. Glad to see him again. Friends are very important indeed.
Ok i reach there at ard 630.
Train no.  <#> , S5,  <#> .
Hi.
Ok... let me know when u leaving house...
Can down eat now
What no! I'm learning how to play bball!!
Ok ar, wad time??
Okay im walking over.
thank you
Np,yday hs 4n ws swtchd off
Hahahaha that's great
Yeah same break time
Hahaha yeah no more  <#>  hahaha! Unless I move somewhere else haha:ohaha okay next time we leave earlier? Yeap! I had lots of fun todaytoo! Eating pao now:P
I dont want to bring my big umbrella out.
What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
m the first one..
Of course...
At where ah?
Just made character. Scared to lose name =(
love you bb..
Let me hav my dinner
We can chip in!
Waa mindblown
S:)no competition for him.
i miss you
I don't think I'll be able to make it today, should be able to makeit on wed morning.
6 leave
m ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
She convinced Dr. <name> to bump my A- to an A!
Tell me again what your address is
Can I take it from you later?
aree nahi krishna pc pe betha hu thtsy thoda slow hu
Okay! What flavour do you want? Packet one is it? If I see I buy for you!
Haha gonna train up the year ones and hopefully can take nicepictures of the stars. Meanwhile I can chiong my assignment too.
I think I'm gonna stay here.. I desperately need to pack and alsofeel terrible.. Sorry!
Alright..
Eat lo
Lol sure. Cya!
Okay I try cus mayb no ink
Okie... Rmb woR... Thursday dinner. =)
Eh 2moro u going Dulan house?
Nice xP
Yo,tdy was fun,went fr eng lesson bt end up play catching, visited amuseum & went shopping!Bought some stuff!They gave us  <#>  for dinnerbt I only spent  <#> !:D I ate alot ytd & this morning,so lunch anddinner eat less:D hehe!I hv alot of unglam pics!btw, do you rmb whereyou put the crossstitch I did?
Okie. See you at 12 then.
Oh buy green tea Pepsi. U got time ar
come to park
You in your room? I need a few
Tpy got buffet.
Laopo I slp le. Night night
i know u do haha
My break is ovr
I busy le. March holidays la
Please start first.  As in my email, Colin has declined the project,saying he is busy with some project overseas.  I've sent Ricky an SMSreply.
Anyway! Hehe fine I shall not on fri!:D
Yea... Fren not so early also.... Maybe junhoong as well. Anw, Tml tim me junhoong going visit Meimei again.
You tried with the other shield right ._. So we not labbing tmr?
Haha yeah and some of my class ppl! Dun need swim! Haha two of themgot classes at 9 and siblings who study here too! Hahaha omg! He dunlike me le I think! Did you see the smiley face at amphitheatre!
Dad can help me apply leave for tonight to thurs night? Thks
Holiday then go la
Haha your parents are open :P actl I think mine might not mind also,just that I don't have a habit of telling them ah. Haha yay okay! I ameating supper again what a pig :P
Whoa sorry I didn't notice you replied! Post ><
Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
han
Woohoo tmr no school eh. XD
dae there or on sun? Hee
Yup i thought of t also but scare i lazy or cant wake up early
Lol
Hiii what time do you wanna meet tmr?
Hahas where?
Yeah then she ask me go back do corrections then go back again!
Ok
Hee! Im missing u le! Let u poke me hee
Sorry mr alfred, I do not have the key currently. I will need to waitfor david to arrive.
got got.. wanna go Cakkavala group sitting
U going ld after ur lecture?...
Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
I'm fine. Hope you are good. Do take care.
We r going to khagrachori & comeback Sunday night.
Serious? Zzz boring life
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
Started. Ya kh
Wad time?
Is it!!!! Cool niaaaaaa haha
Ok d
I am on the way
Oh lol.gd sia.recently everything oso like bo kio tio in time lol.
Hey u have the excel for to show the individual hong baos tat u willbe giving?....
Aiyo but lazy le. If dun send he won't write anything ar
Lol good luck
cck. tell them we will be late. but ok one
Haha why dun allow! So are you going to learn?? :D hahaha no lahkidding! Will get you all nice stuff!
Lol I forgot about that. But then no more texting u either :(
Any way we can ditch Jot but not the other? XP
Info
Good evening
Hmmm...Mayb we tell em first lor... C whether they wana let us go, otherwise can go gym oso...
Hi, hope u went home safely.. Thnx fr the nice dear... We really enjoyd it.. I jst came to hostel... Cu tomorrw... Tc
Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ <URL>
hi kai chong, interested in ur is <#>  txt. is it still available?
Hey u received TT email? Tues cant go le. U wan thurs go?
Orh... Then ur supervisor got say anything?
And if you wanna meet for dinner, meet at orchard mrt 6pm. We will beeating tomyum/curry at dont know where. :)
Super fury
hey did you watch avatar movie? it is very nice. hope you will watch. see you dear rita.
alota ppl ah.. madness manz.. im like on display lidat, bleahz.. ok i wan mummum, hehe
OK
Haha I have cca ._.
sahi
Hahahahaha ok.I got integrity eh leh I gd student lai eh.
No la jus dun wanna stay home. Come my room 2nite la.
how ah? Decided?
baobei still syncing... dropbox so slow.. dar wait awhile morr
Ohh psps!! Didn't see this earlier!
Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
Okay =)
Oops I wasnt paying attention mah
Aight
Hey i cant stay out late tmr night...
Hey, i'm in DR 8. Join me if u want.
Yeah most probably going back tmr. Going for CIP now.
I thought she's doing attachment? But she's still living in sch right?
Wahaha ok then cya
Yes, we're here. Call me when you arrive.
Hey, dr 6 at com2 is available leh. U all want to come and use?
i think maybe yck loh.still need to go ch so troublesome..
Dont get angry with me,i jus 1 2 make frd with you.
s my group mate... Lucky i havent reply... Wat time do ü need to leave...
Haha except chinese!!! Wow dinner was filling! How was yours? Hahamaybe! But still so odd haha! Haha i shall be nice and let you thinkthat way okay xD even though I still don't think I'm cute! Haha yup!!Next time i shall treat you there! Yeah but my mum expect them toknow, make until my dad v headache haha! Nope local! Can only hire oneforeigner with every  <#>  locals or something!
Mo
<#>  min sweetie
What's the plan?
Lols pull ups effed u up? I tink I also too back and neckache denpull ups siaz
Oh lol... when u returning arh?
I say go ur hse lmao
Ok, thanks will do. Cheaper than buying new one?
Thank U. U had just sent your 3rd Local SMS for the day. With just 2 more Local SMS sent, you can enjoy  <#>  Free Local SMS to be used by  <#> hrs today!
And if you wanna meet for dinner, meet at orchard mrt 6pm. We will beeating tomyum/curry at dont know where. :)
Yay:D hahaha you all are pigs!!!!! Where is your hammer!
Come grocery shopping? XP
Are you going to the welcomr party or not?
No problem
Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
You girls like changing names in phones.. Well just telling you what I will do to remove the awkwardness. Just start with small chat then get serious lor.
Haha no no I just don't check my phone much! Haha psps:P hahah whodoesn't have friends!! Ohh wow its damn cool lah! Espresso is strongerI think! Hmm actually i'm not very sure!!
Sleepin
Ya awesome rite! Come changi village can take boat there. Set?!
Hi <name>! I'll help u ask <name> and let u know. I shld be able tomake it. Your plan sounds interesting:) btw, need any financialsubsidy? Haha. Does <name> need anything?
Kk here got food, u can eat here. Hehe
I will call tonight:-)now i'm going to class:)
Looks good...r we within  <#>  pages?...the cover page doesn't count issit?...
oh! having icecream cant wait want to have its so tempting:-p
Tsk shouldnt have listened to them.
Im volunteerin yo
On bus reching cck
Fish!
Yeah but the formatting leh! Oh okay!
Hahaha I'm fine, dunno why just felt faint ): pfft! Hope can stilldonate next year T.T
Na jane kesa exam ka mausam aya he,papers me number kisne paya he,hum to jate he yuhi exam dene,log kehte he sala pura padh k aya he.gn.abhinav. all d best.
I think u have the wrong number.
Uhh you don't want to bring the whole robot? Cuz easier to see effects
Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad.
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
I'm outside, waiting.
Haha why leh? Im on my already eh. Ask me la. Lol.
Thanks alot mr tan, I really need the points.
I really love you!
So is there anything specific I should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
Haha I chose France, Korea and Japan! The Japan one is the one I went hahaha!
Okay!
Going for lunch soon and then to the doc.
Okok
Ok. Anyway I nid bring laptop back
Hehe sorry no reply was no awake
Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate
If u wan u can come anytime lor. I thk alsmost done once she gets her shoe.
Haha.. shld be going school ard lunch time. If got fate we mightmeet.I go watch my show first.talk to u later!
What happen to you
Give me a call when you are done.
Lol hmmm I cant confirm hahahaha
Yeah...can pig half an hr more tmr:p wah,work till 3am,better take care of ??r health ah!so ?? cant zzz now?read some fiction,or text bk,sure can zzz:p
LOL I dunno! He always poke me!! Got a lot of other guys lah hahaha,another 2 is charles wong and yeow xiang haha!
So got timeslot for the movie??
Are you working late dear?
someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
Not feeling well , will join office tomorrow.
d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
0hk bro enjy thn.. C u latr
A while more, still packing paiseh.
Ok thanks
Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
Wat time end. Eat out?
I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
Oh yeah! Thanks thanks!
I will reach office around  <DECIMAL> . & my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
Lesson
Haha yea but as in the belt to match his pink tie! Hahaha ten bucks?I only have one skirt and its denim, so not very formal!
Hey , i'm at mall already, the one in the arena shirt and shades. See u soon =)
Yay!!!! Ok hee
BTW I am at t1
Aww thanks bro... you noticed before me! =P I love you so much... wecan play Scribblenauts later todaymorrow if you want =)
Lols shag. Freaking hell got overtaken by 2 girls during last  <#> m
Will do. Anyway I've created a google group for us. The url isgroups.google.com/group/ <#> _g <#> / Go join~
mornin. u n jessen on rite? i mean on chris eve.i nd to confirm e list. :-)
No no I'm pretty sure they don't wanna join in hahaha!
Hmm no problem de. But today I feel quite tired and also not stayingin sch... maybe next time I guess...
Q-ing at the fried guo tiao stall...
Was joshua around for the math remedial just now
Sedona, AZ is supposed to be one of the best. They even have star-gazing tourss!
kk, i will.
Eating at cck now
Have a nice weekend. BluPig
I wish.haha.but even if want sleep also must discrete a bit. todaygot criminal minds?
Where u now
r u commin 2 da school 2morow?
Hey yun... Will you be coming down by yourself tmr?
Haha.. u trust my makeup skill aafter last time ar..
where are you babey?
Hi Shyan, thanks for your help. We've filled out the loan form andcan pass it to you on Friday. How should we proceed?
<#>
Hey imma watching movie now. Ttyl
Lv u dpdp!! Pringing muscks
But we have 3 years of experience so it cancels out i guess. Anyway we don't use visual so easier i guess
u tell me urs n i tell mine later...
ORD LOR
LOL WHAT THE. is that really what you're looking for? What if I endup going engineering?? Hahaha yeah but I think I'll stay up untillatest 1 bah! Haha oh no  <#>  more pages!!!
<#>  bedok reservoir view! (:
Hey we go eat lunch with jiayin first? Any place nice... mango sale tmr. 10am
It'll work out dude... and I'm here you know
Sis say just kids keep calling her but she not free...can u call justkids back?...
Nope. Just ended haha. But isn't launching of apps the same? As insame process?
Wasted lor.. If e 2 can do better den my cap will improve more..
I do not think much, I do not think often, but when I do think, I think of you.-via Indyarocks.com
Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
Ok ok... Mon studying stats right? What time she meeting us ?
LOL kinda XD and chances are cannot find the right one de! I'll sendyou the link through your email!
what to do now?
I fetch yun or u fetch?
Yeah I just now see and test le.. got prob they din differentiateroute a and b... bus stop 1 at route a, bus stop 2 at route b I choose1 - 2 they show the bus service direct bus
Kk
Yeap ok! But I'll be home around 8+ or 9 though><
U turn around...
ファリンジャル farinjaru
Very GM, I wish a Happy & Prospers New Year to U & Ur Family. - Best Regards Mathot.
YOU WEREN'T STUDYING? MY GOODNESS LOL. haha I didn't nap in the end!
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
When u going back
I see. Later going?
Haha you mean lonely in class eh?
Ohh LOL I thought plaza!!! Haha cool!! Yeah ohh wells! Have to meether sooner or later!
Lol? Another guy? Haha I mean if you know daniel what time offschool, what time take bus and if he's going home straight afterclass.
Haha.. Cos she noe from ij and nus.. Wat u doing now?
Haha thank you!! Uhh im halfway in le!
Hi:)did you asked to waheeda fathima about leave?
Ah OK..
OK. Will come at  <#>
Then if i see the same one i buy hor
Incredible. Imma at the clementi mall bus stop
Hmmm tml got  <DECIMAL>  de slot u tink we can make it?
Lol... sianz rah feel like sleeping lol... doing past year papernow... the  <#> / <#>  paper so lame Lo the short answer is all fillin the blank de but the part is on the answer sheet -.- means cannotdo...
Not so much constantly, but in random spurts throughout the day.
Sure i'll bring it tomorrow
Who. They all hand up le...
Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt
you want old cd case? got hundred plus. hurry reply or throw away already
No that just means you have a fat head
I thinking of going to the open hse interview after my class on wed.Maybe ard  <#> pm lah. See if u wanna go as well. Haha.
We plan again next week k. Have a nice day! :)
Hahas! Till when?
Bro aap aaye nai m0rng me 0nlne..
Oh:/ oh wells! Hahaha but it's so cold! Omg night cycling ytd on theway back at 2am it was damn cold!!!! Haha:/ would be better ifeveryone is serious!
Today i am in cbe.
Talk 2 u later
andrw i snt my brothr.bt t didnt deliver as thos days.y andrw such a tin hapnd 2 me?
Oh ok...
Dekh liye?
Wa sob sob sob no mac T.T.. then tml eat something healthier lo... Itink is the weather lah keep raining one -.-
Sorry I got 3 assignment due tmr, so needed chiong and finish them.
<EMAIL>
Haha ic.... interesting.... ya lo must zhen xi! Haha... nowadays allabout presentation one lol... sad world... but now young must enjoy ornext time no time le lol
Ok! Tml i sayang u alot alot
That seems unnecessarily hostile
Nope nope. Heh thanks!
Poke poke):
Evening u wan do wad
Got it
Where aaaarrreee yooooouuuu
Haha icic! I dunno how the movie ended! Haha ooo! No land training:owhy? Hahaha I want soya bean! My bro play my phone until  <#> %battery left):
Wont tel?
Boo
Hi darlin im on helens fone im gonna b up the princes 2 nite please come up tb love Kate
Ok ok
Hey, do u all want to have lunch together tml? Got one not bad curryrice at tiong bahru. Haha. Kopitiam one.
I'm not sure when I'll be back, I'll let u know if I can make it ok
Hahaha thanks alot too! :D
That mean activity that is not romantic la ... U sure u don wan to join ? Then wat u doing?
Yeah omg!! Hahaha okay later:D call when are you ready to leave!
Called me?
Lol im really not interested. I have been reminding you ever sincealmost a year ago.
Hey this week got wat hmwk
<EMAIL>   <EMAIL>
.............
I love you too, good night and sweet dreams. <3
Thik hai Babu
0hk dude i msgd u for a selfish w0rk.. Actly i askd rani for siera coins thn she t0ld me the reality tht she is frm kenya n she refrd u to me for siera coins..
Yes.
Ok Andreu. I'm so happy n relieved 2 read ur text. Keep it up. May God enlighten u more n more. Bye.
Oh, i managed to get the off cos i did duty on sat some time ago.... So,you r going shopping wif yr frens?
I wan to work full time, not part time...Crepes ah, dunno leh, prefer nydc...
You know it bro
Heee orh! Reaching yishun le. Sayang u also.
Fetch us at 7pm
Sorry I have cca until 6...
@ Level 1
haiyah... Ü nvr call us to watch with you?
hi NINA
Sorrie..I will be late by 10 mins..
Woo I nv seen her sister before.
I miss you too k. Church? What are you doing afterwards then?
Call me if u wanna work over this weekend as an exhibition agent ofglobal yellow pages. The rate is $6/hr. At tampines mall. Fri signcontract and short training at 5pm. Sat work from  <#> am to  <#> pm.Sun is from 9am to 5pm. I'll go for all. Haha. But sad to say mustcommit for both days. Then u shld know lah, the faster u can cfm, thehigher chances u can get it.
Kk cya at 2 then
Can't la. Must have integrity
Oh now! Ahh sorry! I dunno who you can ask><
I'd it sad that really want to try this chalk now?
I have no friends. Forever alone!
Haha, ya.. Too many ppl le.. Raining season ah..
Hmmm ok.
<#>   <#>
Pnr-  <#>  train no.  <#>
Kodawal sir called regarding DD for darshan creation sa i said i will take today sa shall i deposit cash and take DD sa
s house for a lunch gathering this sunday.
2molo wat tim eu go home? i need to pass the wood shreds to u. i ve class fr 4-6pm
Shoot by friends nvm leh. Walao prof also wanna shoot me. Haha.
My captain heard me say pon
Hmmmm likely.haha.
Haha nope, u ask first cause got leo's dad if u cant find lastplayer. Orh we just play with leo's dad?
Email alex
Correction - its Luke  <#> : <#>  GOD BLESS :-)
Not editing now..got another meeting NW... zz
I help u ask ard later.
Yea  <DECIMAL>
Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
So . Wen is your semester ?? After diwali eh ?
Yo dude man. What are you doing tonight?
Skylight.. vivo. Don't watch
I will kiss it better
Haha he didn't push further ah! Oh I did it last sem haha! He did onpresidential elections ooo! Haha I did on obesity:o
Ok. See you on??
Remember to eat your lunch k my boy.. :* xoxo
Hey Mr qin. Sry can't join u all in the rehearsal by  <#> . Notfeeling too well juz now. Will u b free abt 4 to 6?
Home le.bao.bao bei.bei
Laogong!! Rem to rest ur eyes abit! Hee. Find me when u need a rest k!
LOL FINE HAHA (:
u so naughty!!!! dun sleep so late hor. hug you tight tight. comejoin me in dreamland soon!!hee
t make it
Woot.next sat wan meet the play by ear Kelvin guy? <#> .
Emo! Haha I dun know, just let me know the date then I arrange my arp date?
Dnt knw
I'm in bangalore maga
Oh? What bbq?
I see. Tired ar still went Joel hse play whole day
Oh... E fund pilates... E lesson is 25 bucks rite...
Happy birthday dude!! Have a great day :-) (and I still wait for my jacket)
Hey Jeff, sorry I am in practice for a concert in Sunday. Can youcall me around  <#>  tomorrow? Sorry, its a crazy week.
Woo hokay!
Ok dear! Get some rest. N drink more water!
Go die somewhere.. I don need tat shit record..
After exam u jio me anytime man
paper quite ok. mostly can do. :) auntie what u doing at home nw?
Ok. After exam. Wanna pengsan already haha
Hey u got spare mouse anot? If have, bring leh.
If it is still open will he be interested?
What how can!! LOL so shiok hahaha!!! I'm packing my room): ):
Eh meet at  <DECIMAL>  instead
Okay nvm i'll list that down as well.
<#> $ incldng shpng..  <#> $ ka max h0ta he na gft crd? N do u hv gft certifctes?..
Gud m0rng jiB-).. S0ry raat me jaldi so gae tha tbi reply nai kiya.. Btw aap padai b karti ho?..:-/
m typing a sms,ur reply comes in.Where u going?
U <#>
You found a job already?
One paper only lol. Thks!
Fa me from eleventh :-). Do yo know any one workin in mechanical concern ? I 've to go fa implant trainin . That s wy -
Caw caw. That's true. It's easy to find good singer/actors, but notnecessarily famous good ones
ll b done at 3... Cant go yck in time... Paiseh...
Ok
Haha I dont care I will leave my store only at 3. Aircon here so shiok lol.
Btw not going tmr. Playing in a concert. Have fun :)
Haha.. now she asking why no sound.
Hmm. K. Then we confirm later..
malayu
Why are you going anyway lol
i still waitong for bus.. poke me later:S
Ok I go bathe now. Ps jus woke u.p
ok..
But so rubbish he make us do rewrite then take forever to give back!Haha damn the only cool teacher I had was Dustin chin! Haha of courseI did it lah! Must do stats what! It was quite okay lah, alot easierthan I expected! Haha ooo how is it?
Like  <DECIMAL>
Stay safe!
Haha oh marnae.... you're so patient for putting up with her
Thanx...
I still got some more at home wat i brought is 4 u.
Im coming tonight at  <#> . Prepare the book i gave you, we have a lot of research to do tonight.
Why sad you? I am on my way back home already.
Oh crap! I think so one sec, have to check witu my roomies aboutgrocery shopping
Mr and <name> can afford to do anything but study =P but we'remeeting up a little later
Hey yuquan ask if u wanna join Joel me billy and him for samc?
Call
Yes sir.althani group is a strong group.we need to spot more of such as only a strong sponsor can get us a visa.kesav was online he was in qatar last day.
The breeze can't reach first floor!!
Lol you had me for a moment.
Haha ok then I shall buy large cup with pearls. Hehe
Hmmm I going team de
U reach where le
She didn't feel it when she said wat.. den dao her msges lo
Haha ohh raghav say see how first they not very prepared also so ifwe go abit waste time!
Got me leo and his mum.
When r we metting?
Lol okay. 跟着你就okay.
s y reply fast lor...
Well. Its corrected
Baba in Kuruwita now.
I love working from home :)
I will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
Fagun me jb ayi holi,1 chut jhum k boli,koi h jo hmse khele holi,Lando ne bnayi toli,sari rat chut tatoli.Subah uth k chut boli ab nai khelungiHoli
Sorry, I'll call later
Hi Sue, we won't know yet.  Our reno is planning to finish on time,but we're not sure of whether it will finish on time.  Does Desmondneed to know for certain now?  We'll only know very close to the leaseend date.  Otherwise, he can assume that we don't need the extension.Thanks!
Hehe. Got 4 hour classes today and did not sleep well last night.
I be done!
Nov cannot): second week is which dates?
Sup man the texts work lol keep in touch
Was the actual exam harder than NBME
No need 2 b paisei w me lar... U mus eat more now cos ur gf fatter now...
Hey what are you doing?had your lunch?
I dunno:P I thought alot of ppl know:P its nicky lim!
<#>  eps each seas
Im at far east. Cally and xt walking around.
:-):-)
Yes u did... Then u going office tmr a not? U got sch at 9 rite? My sis ex so irritating keep calling me while i msg u...
Lta eday buy  <#>
I promised yours if it occured at <#> pm. That's why i agreed to meeting up with my mom for lunch since I will be able to make it if the ikea outing were to begin at <#> pm. I am sorry to disappoint you. We can have lunch next time too. Isnt that so?
Hiyo:-)dont joke:)
I have sent it to bss email. I will send a copy to you again. Is youremail  <EMAIL> ?
K
aiyo. so longggggg!! i bathe out le! dadingding!! sayang my boy. openryes big big and get home safely!
Jus woke up. Meet at  <DECIMAL>  back gate*
Shitz they rush back then never buy
we meet at esplanade at 630
Lol no la. Until episode what.
Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
I'm here
Oh no!
K, text me when you're on the way
Thanks for the video. Btw, i'm wondering if it'll better if u canswitch the putting on apron scene with the we'll help u screen. Butokay lah the logic now also can. See how ppl interept only. What do uthink of the narration part? Wanna try to improve on fri?
Nvm la den do without him lo...
I now walking over.
Would you tell someone something like that?
Dillon <#>
Oh k k:)
Know we did it?
brother i wont be able to catch you guys today. please keep me informed about the proceedings and wish you a great day ahead
Yup yup. Haha just got home. Eh i can see my estate from your room window haha.
Yes. You're taking to long
Me b market me hu.. Hyh secndry ke pas
Ok nvm then.
Ok, thanks
Cya
Ahh I do assignment until I forgot about the time. Happy birthday! :-D
s eyewear, at parkway parade and jurong point. The one at parkway provides excellent service.
Yeah, like one packet for each person, but my bro sleeping and my mumdun want to eat!
Thanx for e food. Didnt expect u give me so much. Ok enjoy ur dinner.
Eh mei... How r u? Where u workin now? At iras ah,...
Ya! when are ü taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..
Haha we saying now go cathay watch the world invasion movie! Haha...u wanna come?
Come now. Urgent.
U no PhotoShop? Lol ask yh!
Ya, ur mom is here only..
Call me
that digital entre need to register before cors righte? dun forgetwor.. i not enuff time to grad. next sem taking all core mods le.
Yup can.
Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
Lol we are all in class. Haha I got la dey.
I'm waiting in the sch carpark! (:
Yup, i've transferred it to u on friday evening
s y we haf to combine n c how lor...
Th拢 N!ght !s V拢ry B拢aut!ful.. L陇陇k at th拢 M陇陇N, !t Spr拢ad L陇ts 陇f L陇V拢 all 陇v拢r th拢 W陇rld.F!ll that L陇V拢 !n 楼陇ur H拢art & Sl拢拢p w拢ll. Gud Ni8;-)
I dunno le... Should I work there?
Sure
Hi dear
ll get it though...
K
ger i dun think going.im having flu.took off fr sch to stay home rest.
s e 2nd or 3rd after max...
=D
Thank u
Fineeeeeeeeeeee. I have too!
Its awosome
Go to sleep
Ldr to pins A0 and A1, led just put some resistor between for now
Anything lorrr
My aversion to studying represents sexual repression. I'm a matter ofFreudian psychoanalysis
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Wtf??
Yep 9th floor
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Okay la jus wet Lo. I no coin...
Haha no worries, if i need ur reply urgent will sms u already...
m still at home now lei... Hulk rite... Where ü wan to watch?
Lo siento
I just checked hp lei.. lol
ok.. where u nw? mi reachin soon...
Are we meeting baoyang today?
Yeiyei  晚安!! dear dun think too much k! hug u tmr! mug mug!!
Glen also not keen... Sianz jus gym in sch I guess
I dun know who else to ask!!
Tiring!!! I'm at my second lecture and I'm super tired and hungry cuz I haven't eaten since I woke up..
Heee. Yes dar. Now walk until leg pain. Thinking why my dear NThere.. can help me order food. :-P
I mean SMS please check the CV comments ans correct them..
Oh no!! Then how>< no I dun really want to see Hehao dance! haha weget to shoot! And take photos! I shall take photo with the guybringing us around! My parents dun always make good decisions! Haha umone is for inanimate objects the other is for live one!
Thkz... So how have u been doin? Havin exams now? Hope to meet up w u sometime... =5
Rofl that reason is not acceptable for racism eh
Okay nvm. We very flexible one. Haha. I think she uploaded the quesfor the facilitation thingy, if u've time, look thru loh. We candiscuss in class also.
Waa xiong I dun tink I can run man
Orh.. the report just print doublesided.. reach le ma? Hee
hard ot soft? for ezlink card? how many
Yeah. Finished lunch already. Why no time to eat?
I'm coming for you
Daddy got fetch u later tonight?
ll take tt long, will b ok tmr one... Kaiez, nite...
Hey, later i'll drive to sch n i'll most probably leave after 5pm ngo home first. Then, i'll take train. See if u wanna meet me at bishanard 6plus anot loh.
Hey so when bball
s quite nice...
I also! But more sick of bio. I think the solutions they gave us is rather strange. Dunno wat they r doing also. Haiz... Nvm jia you..
Ay i exam period ah...seow ah. Dyin--
Lol wooo okay.
Okay thanks^^
Ps. I end at 3. Want do wat
Lim tee taj
If i jus wan trim a bit, go tony n guy, will they laugh or not, wait so long but only cut a bit. I duno if i wan dye
No time...
ü giving tuition rite? Ya applied for local ü
Mr lee I an not free on both day b4 1...
Ps can help my fren buy 1 more white? Thks a lot ar!
Not youtube. Haha. Becoz it's a singtel exlcusive phone, actuallythere's an app to watch it loh. Can watch live match too but qualitycui. So i used it to watch highlights nia. So u think a change oflifestyle is good ar? Haha.
Hi guys sorry change of venue!  <#>  in canteen (:
Wah telepathy again. Can!! Love lots
ll prob c u in june...
call me.
Wanna eat dinner at west coast?
Sorry dad got astro tonight.
Got more problems, come back then I tell u.
Go chase after her and run her over while she's crossing the street
Got it! Will try and give you a reply before you reach home tomorrow
Got fire drill
But i off at 545, bo bian... U can shop shop w tt crazy gal first...
Talk to g and x about that
U ask her last time la. If she Rly want den break lo. Since everytimealso she last min dun wan. Now she can't say dun wan alr
Orh ok, the piralekjewellry name might be taken, need to see whether u have any alternatives, but not confirm yet cos i still waiting the hosting company to call me
Haha u wear anything also nice lah my angel~~~ hao de best is dun rain lah lol
Oh no LOL THAT'S SUPER LONG. hahaha haiyo better not sore otherpeople this side of us hahaha faint XD! I finish le yay!
Ms lee! Truman here. I 4got to hand in my rock climbing form. Can Igive on that day
MH/ <#> / <#>
I am not coming..
s my sleepy baby? Have a good day and I love you.
Ok. Go find sohjie b4 he finds u!
Can i get an update from you on the things I asked about earlier?  Thanks
Last year lols. Now qx fastest guy eh
_2_|_7_|_6_     _9_|_5_|_1_     _4_|_3_|_8_
Lol
Where you now
Haha.. Dapao what?
what time you want me to call you ?
I don't have anything long enough haha
I nid go do cip
Nxt time then
Awesome! Will come.. 7 am?
Lol the ham is too far away
Yup. In episode  <#>
HAVE BEEN MADE PRE SCHOOL CO-ORDINATOR 2 I AM FEELIN GOOD LUV
ok treat you some other day k
My sis bday go out eat. Eh 2moro not gojng anymore le. Wan gym?
Thank you too!
Haha both iphone and itouch?
I end at 4 le. Where u now
delay til... Late july or august.btw,ü goin to any camp?
<#> . U?
Wait let me ask her first.
Shall i come to get pickle
lets hav lunch tme 2day @ d shop
Okay. I shall inform the rest. What time meet?
I'm in yr class bench, pimpin'
N my home..y
Yeah xP
Soh gay. Aft assembly giv u ezlink
LOL SAME, I DIDN'T EVEN SEE CANDICE'S POSTERS
hey dear, where are you now?
Where are you located? Can I have directions.
oo.. ok, so mon shld b ok to do  <#>  hor?
I only did once, e proj we did together, so not v gd at it also. Borrow some books or search online 4 help...
Merry christmas Andrew! Gv our regards 2 yo family also, tc..
Ants were bathing & elephant jumped in2 pool All ants got out of water,1 ant climbed on d back of d elephant. All ants cried DUBA DUBA KE MAAR SAALE KO":-)"
Wot 2 do?
Haha nvm lah pi pi feng tou lol... I go eat wif my mum then tml alsocan see u for lunch! Lol... any lunch u wanna eat lol...
TURN TO HIM WITH ALL YOUR HEART AND SOUL. Live in loyal obedience to him. Then he will turn to you to help you and will no longer hide himself. REMEMBER WHAT GOD HAS DONE FOR YOU, and give thanks with all your heart. Praise the righteous Lord: Honour the eternal King. Turn away from your sins, and do what pleases GOD ! He will be gracious and show you his mercy. Tobit <TIME>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-):-)
K k! Watever, nw better?
Okay i don't mind u join her but if u ask me, i think a person who osdoing the change management mod is more suitable to do the plan. Ya hetold me that. I don't think so lah. U all are just audience what.
Hi Harish's rent has been transfred to ur Acnt.
Hi, regarding samsung  <#> bw monitor you can pick up at serangoonnorth. There's no more warranty left. When would you like to collect?
Information Systems Management in Practice;Sixth Edition,B.C.McNurlin and R.H.Sprague,Prentice-Hall,Inc. <#>
where are you? what are you doing? watch tv loh.
Ok. Anyway I nid bring laptop back
No current and food here. I am alone also
Lol yeah ask your friends go buy eh. 1 for $2.
Lol okay de la. Haha when going for interview?
Oh fuck I 2moro nid meet lee wee yan at  <DECIMAL> !
I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  <#> at night
Haha... Ya lor, carryin everything ard... E brownie oso haven eat yet, no time...
You cool?
Lols kk pinky bro
s ur posting...
Have Ma'am assigned any task ?
Tmr nite we got stuff
K
ask her bro also...
Kk
So disturbing!! I have fats!! Haha yeah! Ohh dun want, we went theindoors one! Haha dun want got alot of temasek ppl!!
Lol it's kind of my future, I can't help it. Have a good night. Thanks again for the pictures
Thank you!!! :-D
Someone stole our milo and my redendo?
<#>  is the colombo station. .cal n find when badula nite maii arives. I canot contact.V r at rambukana. ramjd
Hahahhah xD
Drummer means always same position? Isn't tt sad
The rate is $6/hr. At tampines mall. Fri sign contract and shorttraining at 5pm. Sat work from  <#> am to  <#> pm. Sun is from 9am to5pm. I'll go for all. Haha. But sad to say must commit for both days.Then u shld know lah, the faster u can cfm, the higher chances u canget it.
Okay sorry!! I went to collect laundry!!
Nala job di. . . Aiyo aiyo
Yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute
Nono it's alright! Hahaha pigs are awesome anyway:D omg hahaha xlxt much!!:P
Where is it ah? Hee
Ehh omg I just got your msg! No no we left to go back pei hilda, therest go ahead! Haha yups next time we go!(: hahaha yeah I think gotless! It's okay! Are you doing the sch song! I wanna hear!
At home..
Haha like now?
Also send a mail to  <EMAIL>to get ur Form  <#> .
Eh got wad hmwk?
Eh wait wait I think I better check my email first lol
Nope. Only u all. But I quite sui bian one. As long as I got put myeffort I believe shld be ok.haha
Erm u meet her help me ask eve whether she having dinner at home??
Hey awesome thank you! I'm actually going to a dance recital at 8that'll be about an hour long, so if you could relay that to herthat'd be awesome! Otherwise I'll see you soon :)
Hey, what u up 2?
Hooray! I am in le practice room
You unbelievable faglord
??????????
m trying to find those one stretches kind... Haha i go yan jiu after work today then i call you
Who u? Oo
No time I need to meet my chinese teacher for makeup test
Thanks ah haha. It used to be my weapon against royston low.
Mine's exciting! Biochemical threat by terrorists!
Oh ya forgot to tell u whenever chun min sends an sms in e morning,she'll greet gd morning one. How sweet right.. Haha. This kinda girlreally hard to find lah.
kya kar raha ha
Hi violet. Would like to find out if u still have photos of the Crossroad Sports League u took last yr
s so late already....what else can u do?!
I don't know.. What do you want to talk about?
Yeah sure help yourself!! Sorry late reply!!
Omg very tempting! Haha cos I quite already set my mind to pon liaolol... I meeting Andrew at five to collect my calculator then pon lelol
Hey.. I am sorry for falling asleep while you were talking to Nadee.. I was too tired today..
Any bball this sunday? By the way what's the new alert amber period?
What about it being 9? What do you want other than vampire diaries?
What does dr say? Have lunch n rest. Dady now 2 beach frm nilaveli. May God bles u
Dishan for bang
Hahaha it's quite cute but you can die listening to it for longperiods of time._. Hahaha he using his lappy now! His desktop gotconfiscated le!
Ok d cn u gve me at nit i l finish it off n gve by mrng d
How many ppl before my hip
How come?
Ohhhhhh. So our role is just to appear at  <DECIMAL> am outside tampopo?
Hahahaha im serious leh. Later how you going?
Yeah sorry ): ): I'll be in sch around 4+ for exchange stuff>< if youall are still there then I can join you all!!
M planin 2 go 2 vattu'r flat in urwa store.
Boht tym q k har file alag hai
Got compre, aq and essay! Haha I do very badly for aq de x.x haha yayokay I hope lcs doesn't mess with my eng module again._. Haha wow lastmin ah, nice haha! Chinese was a little weird hahaha then chem was soso! How was yours?
Im sorry. Btw you need to top up your petrol mah?
LOL WAS THAT SUPPOSED TO BE A PUN.
i am not interested
Haha left arrow right arrow left arrow? I'm sooooo tired haha.
Holidaesoborlin. I offed comp
Btw, will u be clearing your gem next sem? No right?
Ek br papa se bt kr lo. Abhi Patna pahuche honge ya fir train khulgayi hogi waha se.
Yeah got... I going for a marketing study now until  <DECIMAL>  later sms u
Oi call kar
Gud ni8 sollu da!
Haha you must be imagining lots of stuff, 胡思乱想-ing. XD
Yeah create the event. Include target audience.
Hmm mayb I can make it. Need take wad bus
ll just focus on being around in mainland.U can come out?
Hmm see 1st! We waiting for sea. Ttyl
Hey can meet for TIP after roll call at  <DECIMAL>
On occasion
No nid to studee cos u chose pass fail!
Dunno. Haha Tioman report also.
I gg out..
I ...........You. U R My.......... . I Like Your...... Its Called True....... I Dont Like Ur...... Fill These Lines for me. Nw rply is cumpolsry)
PS! We can say the concentration of the dye affects. Also thebackground creates interference that deflect the vortex. And usualstuff like TD affect vortex radius and MV affects stability
Ur wife(x) also da
Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
If u sense any thing wrong stay inside then call daddy or me ok. Wego up find u.
LOL YEAH IT WAS SUPER RANDOM HAHAHA. My friends couldn't stop laughing!!!
Ehhh yeah? You overslept right
www i'm upstairs but don't bother
For*
Haha... Hmmm... Shant tell u...
Ok.
No no is alright, concentrate! Call me when you are about to end (:
Palkon ki nami me chhupa kar sapno ko,Humne unhe jane ki izazat de di.Hum toot kar bikhar gaye tukdo me,Unhe muskurane ki ijazat de di.
Yep yep sure... cya then.
star walo ka paper check nai kare gi
Phua
Jus bout.
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
May the noor of this month illuminate ur heart, mind and soul n mayall ur duas be answered. Remember me in your prayers. EID MUBARAK
Yea lols
Just a little pinch!
U take ur time? btw u can meet him on Fri mah. I dunno u la?Mama? I dun understand.
Hee kiss u back!:-*
Nothing to eat n also no time to go out buy lor... Poor thing rite?
,.... hw u going to code without thinking of input output needed
V- Valuable A- Affection L- Loveable E- Enternal N- Noble T- Truthful I- Intimate N- Natural E- Enamous *HAPPY VALENTINES DAY*
Wot tim u r goin?
Oh my baby boo. Are you at school?
Busy na
My biceps grew :D
U
Send me the new number
yup sure
I love you! I'm sure it'll go great!
I'm vivek:)
did I tell you we ll go running today?
first q hi hoa ha
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
Fuck babe ... What happened to you ? How come you never came back?
today gt meeting?
Hahaha oops broke combo! Haha no I don't feed him, I poke him! hahayeah! The  <#>  orientation bag also got give towel haha! Ooo haha dundie!! XD chinese now yay one more hour to end of sch!!! Will you becoming here?
Yei yei!! Why Look at phone until so sad
Around  <#>  from yih
:-@
At where ah.
Thank You meet you monday
Hahaha I didn't know you were sleepy!!! Ohh arp again?? Or did youstay overnight LOL!! Hahaha I woke up coz my alarm rang!! ASK IVAN TEETO ARRANGE!!
Then can ü run it on da computer without uploading it to da server?
Thanks love =)
Joy. Wat is hp no.
I went there :D
Coz I make ur precious son angry
Haha.. Where are you?
Yeah having lunch near coro first need to draw munny
Eh we going tanjong beach instead
jac one...
I am going to marry a gentle man.
s the one. u were outside ya house. saw ya dog when i went for a jog earlier. very guai, sat there without barking
Bring dettol..and cotton
Lol okie good luck in finding
Yeah reached home not too long ago! Wahhs not on msn or anything??
Lol I like the Paris coin house but I'm too lazy to ask for cosigners. Plus my Italian house is still empty :/
Okay. Call u when I reach. Thks
Post! Ummmm  <#>  <street> rd?
haha. ya! hehee.
Could you bring your ski mask? I might have to do something for econs lecture later.
Hee. ok!
Yeeeeei yeeeei!! U come first can? Heee.
Replied soon good
Well pick a place
Nus talk there no signal?
Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu
hmm,both of my friends coming r guys..but i dun dance.they do.actually i am there4 e drinks only..so how?
t worry...
N0pe.. Maybe i'l reciev tmrw
Good night
K
2 instructors per session? Please find out how many...
Haha icic! I never really follow! Haha yeah started another episode!O.o the format is abit odd!
O.wow.buff.
Pls tell Roshal that I will be leaving early. God bless you.
Call me
Cold sounds nice! I just walked so far
r u going to lecture?
Hey this is my India number - john Patterson
oki
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
LOL wow! So what did you say???
Eh in school liao?
Ya they can't. So u go with teck guan ar.
I can't do the aap for a while
Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
ok
Aight, just let me know, I definitely don't wanna stay here lol
good
Whats the plan for tomorrow?
Hi ricky, no need to change tomorrow's polishing schedule.  Thanks.Enjoy your night.
Hmmm.... Might recognize her if i happen to c her... Wow, on e bus oredi ah, sure wont late one...
Ic!...well,jz feel very lonely!hmm..im tired wanna sleep nw! Gdnite!:-*
Done?
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
My method of transport to mason
I've submitted your name to sdar already eh. Is it possible to helpme out for 2 days?
Yeah game addict returning to lalaland. Ytd timo yh and I playednormal till wave 3 then got owned by a couple of Scrakes.
Yes ma'am I remember. Reaching school already.talk to u again tmr
Okay weekend.
Will u be reaching soon?
Asiri eye chaneling place is  <#> .kirimandala mawatha, narahenpita.
My life has meaning again! But seriousky, wtf PEOPLE DON'T ACTUALLYGO ON HIATUS
Ü mean ü at mango now? Which one?
No..but heard abt tat..
Count prom king and queen votes haha!
t continue liao lor. how 2? u think tt ec? Gimme a chance? continue...
Do you want to go to that?
4)pink+white
A wee bit, perhaps
Haha dont want maggie goreng?
Yup usually for usb ports, they will change.
Also, Rabe, that bitch!
gmail.com, what's yours?
OMG I JUST REALISED THAT TOO. LOL WHAT THE LOL
See lo. Eh bring nice movies! Like huo yuan jia
Ask gen..I will be with gen till 6plus only.I dunno if she will be meeting li en for dinner..If she is,then ü can meet them..
You will be in the place of that man
Lazy to find a partner lol. Got a lot of homework too. Btw it'sDOUBLE IP WEEKEND!
Go home safe!
Ok in school now, walking over
Y ru wastin phone balance ..i just askd wat u doin only na.if u told means i would hav cut..
Hahaha....dont b so emotional...mere aankhein bhar aayenge....
But still oso v gd mah... Ur tester chinese?
Ringer was off
PAISEH HAHA WHAT MOVIE? CHANGE UP???????
Nt angry la. Stun only
Yeah I did... is that awful? Let me make that last text reflect that.Tack on "hahaha" to the beginning
Hey you still waiting for bus?
Take your time.  5pm meeting canceled by student. :-)
Haha たいへんですね。
SORRY I DIDN'T THINK OF SOPHIE EARLIER HAHA. she says ok! Where can Iget the file you need printed?
Hey... We r still meetin at toa payoh rite, 1230...
Too late I'm on
<DECIMAL> .
Idm lah quite a lot of ppl have my pw and it hasn't been misused sohaha:P I won't be in jail!
BTW I'm coming over for some pizza. I'm starving right now.
<#>
Say 5 lines URSELF every morning: 1. I am the best. 2. I can do it. 3. God is always with me. 4. I am a winner. 5. Today is my day. Good morning
Have u come 2 rum
Hum nahane gaye the isliye late se reply liye.
Ok. Thanks.
Walking to wcplaza
We not going le. Raining.
Sry da leave tat matter
Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
Haha for now only got cally and me. Jason not in singapore. Umm Idont know still got who.
when I reach I call you ?
I HATE YOU BYE BYE
Oh, I see
s your last paper! you will be free!!!!! woohoo!!
I'm at work. Please call
Haha okay go where?
Haha yeah! Oh so sad! Yeah they were saying it's sar or sth! Dun knowhaha! Haha got bbss ncc people here! Shaoxiong is in my group, it'sterribly weird:/
Ok lor, i try to get one... Like dat i come ard 1.
Oops I slept early!
Thanks ruuuuby ^^ <3
Everyone in ur class handed up mindmap?
I'm gonna get stabbed in my sleep lol
ve narrowed down to the mayang sari chalet at bintan or e paya beach resort at tioman. You can go check them out on e web.
Haha.. I can't la.. After the medicine buying, I need to go for a hairdresser appt..
Don no da:)whats you plan?
Hey why pa.
How are you?
remember 2 add e note without e NOTE. soRRY.
Hey machan, gentle reminder.. we meet in  <#>  mind at noc alumnihouse (usual place near PGP)
Ohh no I fell asleep again!
Hey so who laning
It's fine! :D
Hichkichate huye mile the jin dosto se, Kya pta tha vahi zindgi k maayane bn jayenge, Kuch yaad rhe na rhe zindgi mein, Pr ye dost hmesha yaad ayenge..
Just!
I'm on the North campus or something I guess lol
Hai
Yes, most probably
Lols I at hostel le!
Haha no la, can tell you about it tomorrow if you remind me haha! Ooogo go cycle :D you keep smsing me, can watch sohjie anot? Hahaha dununderstand that q! If you don't appear then I dun friend you liao!!!Haha yeah I do too! but both of them are equally messed up! Hahahaoh!!! I wasn't thinking of that! Coz in obs we had that mah! Haha! Whythank goodness??
u all reach liao bo?
Blk 295 punggol central.
gal ah.. sat hom is wat time ah
Lol
It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  <#> , I'll be out and about all day
Happy new year! Wanna come over my house now?
Save money lor... Tmr den c got wat to buy...
I am very busy.
The email frm Clifton soh got say
Dear Das,wish to intimate that i am leaving to Qatar tonight in search of an apt opportunity.Look forward to your guidance and patronage.shall keep in touch.regret late sms.Regards,Rakhesh.Kerala.
No my mum went 2 dentist.
Haha umm I confirm with you again eh heh
12 can? I got to leave before 2.30.
I CANT ! CAN U CALL ME?
This girl dank stronghold hellppp
Haha take for fun! He lazy bring home anyway! Haha having fun? Goodgood! (: yeah the lady at mandarin oriental told me last time, workmust do more than 3 days, then start to realise how interesting it canbe! But I only do 3 days ah hehe:D so want dinner together or? I'm onthe way home now! (:
Haha orh! coz I got no way of contacting him mah! Haha what the I canlor!!!! Haha okay ah actl i'm just reading through, cannot take it leI think aft tmr i'm gonna take one day rest or something>< haha it'sheavier than my old lappy x.x haha yeah lor haiyo so lame!
Exactly! I'm getting better and better :)
Hi ana!hw r u?im ok.
Mo
Okie.. Now still doing last min revision. :-(
Tsk tsk u ju jue me...
Moment
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
K.
Han naha le skunk
I just got off <#>. U?
If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
kuch,sarawak.
s ex, remember that vivien gal? she was with some hunk. good thing shawn wasnt with me. he will be so dulanz
s it hanging?
Gd sia ok I can meet.still got hu?
I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
Haha. But honestly speaking, A <#>  is the best. Then tml need totake practice exam for u?
LOL SO DI SAN ZHE. yeah._. I going Kyoto with him so cool right!
Datz wot i tld u 2 go 4 sleep...
I just got your sms! 算了，its okay if you don't come!
Called Kwang Chow. Ask me to call again on the 5th of Aug. No vacancy now.
Of cos! How can a mere cup with a pig cartoon be compared to thecuteness of my angel! T.T.. sob sob sob broke my heart again... ehdoesn't matter lah u want give cash also can want deposit it into myuob account also can...
Hi Jiayu, my email is  <EMAIL> . thanks!
Wer r u nw?
Aja
(n) I shall 泡 my awesome coffee
Sorry, I'll call later
Sounds like a plan! How to go there sia.
s a specific day. I will call ü again.
Can can. I woke up already.
You're right. The z for the full adder in book is carry in
I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
Lols the trail is impossible to ride de. I keep spamming break or getoff to push. U see 2moro den understand le lols
I'll talk to you tomorrow! I'm just so tired. I really love you. Somuch. Goodnight :))
Hi, is it confirmed that i am collecting the duron and sound card from you at semb mrt tmr?
A Fully Burnt Cigaratte Ash Said.. 'Today Its Me.. Because 0f U Tomorrow Its U.. Because 0f Me' Have a nice day. G枚枚d noon
Huh... Got lk tt one.... Strange... Read classified ads lor...
Happy new years!
Same as kallis dismissial in 2nd test:-).
Lets have some fun.
Woot.tan wee kek send out email saying nid better sample data.I send him the newdump.can rite?
How happy are those whose strength comes from you o Lord; who are eager to make the pilgrimage to mount zion. As they pass through the dry valley , it becomes a place of springs; The autumn rain fills it with pools. They grow stronger as they go; They will see the GOD of GODS on zion. Psalm  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
We can. just take the offer
Haha. I xian xia shou wei qiang .. I didn't hear anything.. just takewriting material lor.. need to wear covered shoes?
I out now. WE meet at central library bus stop?
No I can't
Bhai yaar ajmer me kuch kaam tha isliye ph0ne nai utha pata.. Sara time sh0p pe busy rehta tha..tune usase baat ki kya?
Eh.. I dunno.. now going to the columbarium.. end le I call u? :*
Can... He gave us namecards, juz say u r his model can oredi...
Ok!! Csal me wrn u wan to slp
Haha alright!
Alright haha... that is, if the bus ever comes =P
y dun u wanna go? tired ah? or lazy? i tot today last day to reply rite? still havent make up ur mind ah?
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
Ya got verified
Yeah
I would be. have to reach by  <DECIMAL> ?
Can eat the bread?
Hey gals me in arundati..ll come after eating..
Sorry got down at tanjong pagar by mistake. . Will reach in  <#>
hi andrew hp u inside prayer meetin i got lat so im nt cmin 2da.wl cl u latr
Dulan. Got anywhere to pay foosball?
Yupz... Cya tmr... Do u nd me to bring anythin?
Hi, tml morning I'm busy, is 1pm okay for you?
Da interview will be on Monday between 10:30 and 2:00 PM.
If e timing can, then i go w u lor...
i meet u downstairs now ok
U all coming to school
Tazz icic
Yah.
Dai say anything about ur x
Thks!
Wru
Noooo you owe me you!
Okok
s aid sure
Wait wait the barbell stuck in my abs
ok..
Lols yh sj they all join tagball le. Plus most senior take handball.Think I taking tagball. Wan join?
bye
Y da
Sure. C u later.
Badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
K
Phuket?
Oh I go take a look tonight
Haha I want blue ray version mah.
I in hall... yes?ms me ah?
Opps super tired I mean
haha. like that then wait for me to come back lo.
Wa... U so efficient... Gee... Thanx...
r hp is running flat too, leave it on charge. Call you later.
Reached
After i read the qn again...it say state and prospects of biodieselproduction in terms of tech maturity...so i guess i cannot write oildilution liao?...tat seems to be impact of using biodiesel in normalengine...so i tink i will try to write on the actual productionprocess...
Haha I already eat 4 pieces this morn! no I don't wanna get fat fromNOT exercising!! had a lesson at 8 then suddenly fire alarm so we zaolol!!! U gt meeting?
Come ooooon
Go to walk there isit? Take ur time a bit hor.
Lol the purpose is to let me strike toto mah not meh.
ahhh :)
Dunno.. Either take bus or drive lor... But u must bring me la.. N cant stay overnight... Go in early in e morning...
Our chat and Minecraft yeah lol
Tired la.. eat hostel food
Ofcourse I also upload some songs
Yup
Haha. How u know? I need to ask u just 2 more things. One is theirrate and two whether if they've to commit for both days?
Alright man. Thanks!
Haha but I dun have much years to save money before I reach  <#>T.T... must chiong during my career time lol.... nobody to play withT.T...
Thanks for your help.
Aiyo... Haha, okay... Understand liao...Overprotective lk tt... Ask u ah, do u thk i shld cut short fringe...
Congratulation bro
Miss u already .. I love u too dear! Muacks.
kab ana ha
Haha interesting! Ohh no then how!
Meeting time changed to 630pm..Reason being no reservations after 630. Need at least seven ppl there so we can be seated. Else reservation void..
Yep! Cya then!
<#>  is alright! I'm doing Tioman report so suibian!
Ya lo lol... got hao liao mah lol... eh I tot u r the one that say istml de lol...
Hey when can go ur hse swim and play ping pong agn
Friend you okay?
老公老公！yeiyei 到家了！ sayang my boy.:-*
You reaching le ma?
I think so. Ask Shiv. BTW, I don't have markers
Giv it ta me!
Haha. Next time okay? Tonight got program le.
Fiiiiine
Im home. Ü
I just had my reunion dinner. U leh? Got miss me?
Hiii
U can go find him first. I'll be there in  <#> minutes
Oic... Me juz finished my lunch feeling very slpy gonna catch a nap! Heheez me pig... eat n slp!
Well life is always gd when u have a loved one in ur life
Okie 2 at orchard mrt?
Okay
Cannot clash. Haha.
What did u eat?
we are meeting at taka
K come to 4th floor...stairs
ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
Nthng much de.. ok de ll speak de
I HEARD THE SALE THING
Ok da, i already planned. I wil pick you.
7.Writ down powr and functns of fedrl legislatr or fedrl adminstration.
Hello..Anybody coming office tomorrow?
LG lack abit. Just solved bug. Come out i tel u. Kiiisss
AKAN DATANGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Yes! I worked at the Alamo Drafthouse. it was the best job I ever had. Free tix free drinks and food. And the guys were sooo cute! I shouldn't have quit!
Well den yea if shiva givin you all da take dem..an is a good academic school as well
With God all things are possible!
hee. i love u dear, so glad u're always here wif me. kiss left kissright hug tight tight. i noe u dun like to hear, but thsnkew myprecious boy.dunno hw to do w/o u.
Hi Kamal where do you disappear for long durations?
Adi pavi
Hmm nope because I booked the place from 6 to  <#> .
no lah i am earning money now key in sms  then got ppl pay me
Eh can't find people cause jason free at 8pm then seowting say too late.
Wah o.O hahaha.gd sia.mine is like all b+ onli <#> a.lol.dunno wat Sarawak boi get.lol.
Merry christmas to u too annie!
Hahaha why am I free!! I'm expensive!!!
Ohh.. UOL have right.. I think i can get 2nd lower bah. Haha. So ufinding jobs?
Lol deal
Yeiyei, my lesson cancelled today. Hah.you end le tell me? I at lab now
Hmmm.... I dun mind lor... But they wont bite rite...
It waz  <#>  last tym i bought
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Oh OK sure.. will be there in  <#>  mins
At which corner
Hey! Thanks for e Xmas card! i just got it. Yours is the first card i got. Thanks! Hope to c u soon.
When u will be coming
Morn/afternoon? Go somewhere to san san xin?
Huh hmmm.actually is can but may end up type alot sia.meet liao say say like easier.
Wow omg okay!
hey,gen wants to club tmr..ü gals interested?
Where u all
No it's MS. No p. And nope.
depends.. when will you give me a call?
Ok. See you then
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
K la.. Try lor... Cos nd to save seat 4 suying oso... Dun have so many stuff w me...
Chocolate! Hey do  you have any idea where my hard drive is? It has acopy of one of my plays and some pictures I need
Great! So what attracts you to the brothas?
Yay! Ok
I just send u all an email but u all don't reply or forward ar. Becozinside i got bad mouth scrum sim. Wah. Nowadays, i know u all cannotkeep secret one, i've to be more careful.
see rafiq at 4pm at shanta's house.
Yeah so sorryyyy
Kk go where
jus woke up, going out wit friends for coffee
So after  <DECIMAL> pm at ur house??
Yup ok (: ooo idm! Who's going?
I brought it to sch.
Lols no thks!
Kk how long more
Wow... hope that's not overkill...
Almost there, see u in a sec
I like that.
Roarrrr lateeeee.
When to talk
Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
730 Parkway Megapool?
You pig!!
Ya la. Mayb after exam need do corrective work order. But we gonnathrow more so tt they tink is other
If u wan sun night also can. I can't study at hm
I m disappoint
m jeff here.care to intro pls...
Later go talk to him. But be serious tone
pokeh! Roger
Yeah! XD
Not yet le... I dun wan cake! Very hungry le
Waa xiong I dun tink I can run man
Hahaha yeah. Hopefully when you are free eh. I want to settle this asap mah.
aiya. haha. nv wake me up..
pls transfer the 10 bux  to my acc asap
So...what u buying me?
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
My mum say need spent time with family
Redbull gives wings ... hmmm nxt Monday go gym then swim
Hey a key with a guitar shaped keychain was found near de volley ball court . . Probably a hostel room key. . Get it from chit security. . Pass de word
No im having ct this week.
I cannot call out... So tak tau lo... Nvm la is caili she will call u de...
Thanks! All the best for your one exam!! Hahaha!
Pomp!! jump on you. give u two tight hugs and kisses. hee. i help usleep more first. nitey.
Oh? Watch using laptop?
i still doing work, wun rest so early. u take a gd rest. nite nite
s e no to call to make app for e tony n guy haircut ah? Think my fren interested..
K
I'm downloading the full match. Would watch it tonight bah. No worries. Haha.
Hi anna.anything else? *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Yeh v fun.but stress studies.
Yeah think so. Haha I heard cally downloaded them.
LOL MY CLASS PPL GO EXCHANGE I GET AWESOME STUFF!
Haha not sure eh. I still at ah ma house.
Hey! I realized that to compare their rhetorical strategies I stillhave to talk about logos!
Eh got zombie game give u. It's called killing floor
Okay. I'll reach im  <#> mins time. Paiseh ar.
Uhh me and mingkang probably can only make it for dinner >///<
Magic no-* <#> * <#> #. Cal to this number. "Airtel only" its very interesting try it . . .
Lol I think they thought we are those 看水 guy.
Father Bob has requested the bible cordinators to meet him on the  <#> th october sunday at  <DECIMAL> am mission house. Thankyou Roshal
Yup jus continue. Got 1 issue is good enough. Waa rain dam shiok
Rofl! I just got out
Haha hard to read you.
Hi ... testing MTK
Hahahaha
t use me...Too bad...I need to sleep now.No matter how much i wanna talk abt e sun moon n stars.Thanx 4
Ohh faint thanks!
Ahh omg I just received your sms! Hahaha sorry!!!!!! They almostwanted me to kiss a guy okay lucky didn't!! Hahaha omg I want also!! Iate hostel dinner haha we played truth or dare!
Tml I shall do after marketing! Destresssssssss haha....
tel no. My no 0166305681
Yeap!
Aiyo I go party le
ANKIT KUMAR, 1ST FLOOR, KC 4, KASHYAP FARM, GANESH NAGAR EXTENSIONII, SHAKARPUR, NEW DELHI -  <#> .(NEAR CHOWDHARY DIARY). #  <#> .
Alright, I love you too
Wts...
Hahhahaha are you going to wake the helpers up soon?
Haha 1pm. :-D
Ok!
Neh I dont need to know now. Just asking.
I MEAN FULLSTOPS
<DECIMAL> PM
What! So random! Hahaha I dun get how it does!!!
Jesus I'm retarded. I just got on the commuter north bus figuring itloops and, well, I dunno where I am lol
"Sweet" sa time dekhkr, apne "Sweet" se apno ki yad aai to socha ki"Sweet" sa sms kardu taki hamara "Sweet" sa "Relation" thoda or"Sweet" ho jaye:)§den§,tk
but I need the rings. U know how I love to get married... just think of all those rings :)
How much did ur hdd casing cost.
Yes.
Bring money fromATM
Ok, sir.
Hahaha. One more sto cck
Nope got Chinese, are you in my class now?
Hi babez intro pls mi iceman
Hold on. I am right behind you.
Hmm OK. I haven't spoken to Shweta much today. . She is in danceclass. . Will get it when she comes online
Hahah.. Yea, and oh ya.. She gave me her number say that, next time if wana go just let her know 1 day in advanced..
Ice cream later?
Dunno also leh...É rest can? Thurs will be at nite...
Hahaha great. How are you feeling?
Write urself lor. Or u employ me write 4 u hee... Ur project need gui? Try search e net think should b able 2 find...
-.- k la i boring. I'm always having monologues with myself man. I'm sooooo sleepy haha.
You'll get used to it... I promise :)
Yea tink so
Khtm kb ho ga?
Yeap set!!
Thanks honey. Have a great day.
Daling I leaving in 5 min. Kisses!
I lost my atm card.
Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
Think before dinner. What time you gotta go back by?
Sent le
No not yet. The internet say they may hide for a few days.
I dun tink i'll be joining u all for drinks 2night, just ended 1 camp, tml gt course n nxt wk still have another camp.
hi both, i finish reading the paper u mentioned, of course, unlessaccidentally its title is not "executing sql over encrypted data inthe database service provider model". maybe there is necessity todiscuss implementation details and work division again.
What? It works!
She say dun want so early leh wat time u intending to play?
Finally, since the maid's bathroom is demolished, we need to enlargethe wet kitchen.  Will send you the new layout shortly.
Haha dun want I will see them at unglam moments too then not nice le!Yeah later, she bringing her laptop too! Ooo a few more rehearsalsthen the actual performance and it'll be over! I saw BOTH!!! :DDDDDDDDhahaha looks nice!
Well thats exciting
Ü wkg at where now? I wkg at maxwell house-i told ü wad.blur2.
U later going tan and teoh?
Tmr free for mahjong?
Yup i will be... But the booth wont be... Haha i go there see see lah. But those are the comms leh you interested? Like publicity that kind
Clementi mall
Looks like they Rly stop le...
He dam emo izzit? U dam bad last day of sch still bully haha
Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
I eating outside. Later tell ya?
Haha maybe he also dun mind going Thailand ah! haha but if you go canhave fun ah! Rare chance to go with your friends isn't it! Haha yeahtmr ecology!
Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
Lols! Why u stay siaz
Thank you. do you generally date the brothas?
I got 2 compulsory books.. Dunno if you hav or not.. "Interactive computer graphics: A top-down approach using openGL" and "Computer Graphics: principles and practice, second edition in C" :)
No.no.:)i want devilliar in chennai.
Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
?
Eh?!?!?! Hahaha omg the smses are really lagging. So sian. Haha Igoing to eat lunch then maybe go down with her haha. Cya later!
Yes mumy. :-)  now then got time to drink the barley. Hee.
Ok
Ya u keep kajiaoing him. He not as fierce as he look though. Cool guy
Wat time
I'm fine thx. Good nite.
XD*
alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
Wahna come get me
Psh you know you'll make friends bitch :P you're a cool person to be around yo
Wat movie wat time where
Ganit banathew, te kahan? Test dilaye.
HI LYNN
Nup.. Unfortunatly im nt an harry poter fan
<DECIMAL> ?
Kk thks
Facebook... u no will power la. Nid do squats
You called?
Yeah all in the spare box
Still stuck at nus waiting for bus :-( will left you know at CCK.
I dont need the food and other stuff cus I already have lots offishes and babies at home
Haha. Okay okay.
Tiffany here,frm gek1005 project grp.. R u guyz free on thur b4 12 or aft 2pm?
Hi Ing Cheong, how about coming by again tomorrow morning at  <#>noon?  If you have a quotation you can email it to me when convenient. Thanks!
O ni e ni ti o fi jo. Mama re na ma so grammar bi ..:-)..
ll call em tmr first lor n ask...
=D
Lols cant rem. Later bring notes?
Waa Emo.. ask ryan?
help me ask caroline whether she wanna go also?
Not sleeping ?
LG on a2. Back le do for u. Borrowing chem text book from my ta so noneed go library.
Hee. If coursr la hee
Yup ok thanx...
At hotel
TICKLES!!!
How is your son now
Okay... how about next weekend?
Yes
Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
never mind let she use lah. we can chit latter or tomorrow rite?
Ok!! Thanks!
=)
Ya  <#>
Just reahe yishub
早安我的da dingding 老公！路上小心！<3mugmug
Hahaha what!!!! That is so random!
Ohh same with me mah. Then nothing to do?
They're doing a flypass?
Haha meet you at shangri-la hotel!
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:J.father;;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Nah Fk that
Huh? Alone? How can? Ask ur jiejie lah...Or get vcd! Haha
Lols he is buff not ripped right
No buses. Need to walk
WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM!
When pool close??
What time are you back. Thomas and Lynne are here.Mum X
Hey wat things to buy for project
Lol yes all the time! What happened? Bad night?
Haha still the frog that belong to u~~~ haha Zhun ming! Tml eat sushi healthy!
ll b a little late...
erm depends on how u c lor...pple r not so conservative n particular liao mah...its juz another body part...
Okok thanks a lot. I treat u indomie.
Haha I meant hougang POinT ma which is nearer. Block  <#>  hougang st <#>  # <#>
Then try call Natalie lo I walking over le
WHAT IS U4R PROBLEM
Haha yeah lor. Cya!
How long, do you know?
U r wondarfull
Go Google (y)
Rt for rr..
Hey long time no see, how are ü? Still working? And wat course ü got into in the uni?
Also, Windia or Bellocan?
Lets celebrate JEALOUS day. Name 1 thing in me dat u r jealous of. Reply is mst, n b honest. Snd dis 2 al ur frnds n C wt makes thm jealous of u.Plz reply
Nop not going. Nvr sign up also
Lol but I miss u :(
Anytime after  <#>  am
u busy now?? wanna chat on phone?
Half an hr d do u hve ny work?
K..for what?
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Hi, boss am sending the designs shortly
I just msg her.
no thanks
Your girlfriend ah? :)
Wa.... Pangseh
Ah.  ok!! Will keep that in mind.
Anand Tilak Ohm Associates  <#> /C Jadhavji Jethabhai Bldg., R. No.  <#> , Gr. Flr. Mughbhat Lane, Girgaon, Mumbai  <#>   <#> . Office  <#>  Mob.  <#>
Oh my god.
Hi... tonight u free or not?
That's not a star party hahaha
I,m leaving in  <#>
Ps few asleep
LOL YES I REACHED LIAO. I SHALL SIT AT THE MRT PLATFORMS TO WAIT FORYOU COZ THERE ARE SEATS HERE. HAHA SMS BEFORE YOU REACH!
valuing someone is not jus by seeing each other always. wat counts is dat somehow in our busy lives, we remember each other. take care!
dear. wait me inside.
I BELIEVE I WALKED PAST IT WHEN I CAME BACK TO HOSTEL LOL. PHAN ISTHE ONLY GIRL AT MY TABLE NOT SITTING WITH US AND SHE SITTING AT AMIXED TABLE OOO.
Oh ps. Nxt week can ask sx Dylan to bball
Hey dude where u at?
Okie cya tml then
Yes
Why?
tat time we tok half way than u exit rite.
Lol
v been explorin ere.lks like food paradise.haha- or bugis,town oso can.prefer cheap ñ good. ex-good or can stay ñ tok 1
Oh no PS I RMB WRONGLY! nvm  <#>  then  <#> ??
Rofl!
Yeah should be applications of differentiation (tut 4B)
Will you come.
Maderchod mai to bana raha hun , aa to sahi.
Dun understand her oso...Den i say dun mit lo. No point oso...Other days la.
8 and 4
Did you call
Yoyo can help go sc room take stuff ~
Hahaha I woke up le lah haha oh no I just got this sms! Sorry sorry!!
When
Lol.abit lazy leh.but skip today dunno after tat will very rush or not.haha.howwww.
At kap alr
E price of e discount old cd now drop 2 0.88 onwards leh. Poor thing. Now MRT so many pple. Tell me what u thinking just now leh. Please?
Noo my goodness I was looking for the toilet!!
>< I dun know I dun know ahh))))): my friends like so well preparedhaha just gonna die! Haha i'm in hostel now><
Hey leaving tonight to qatar in search of an apt opportunity.shall keep in touch.pls do mail into my id in case of some good opportunity as well.regret late sms.take care:..... <EMAIL>
muggs. dear reach where already? i still at orchard
They already found people to help out liao..
Sry Tues pls. Around  <#>  am. Or any other time?
Hahaha awesome. Just as I thought. ^^
haha! she's not plump, don't know which class..
Should be.. lets fix a time. 5pm?
Garbage bags, eggs, jam, bread, hannaford wheat chex
Oh my mom uses the bauch&lomb. But not for sensitive eyes de. Thesteamboat I check le then get back to you.
my test date is the week which the exams start... one or 2 days before my 1st paper...
Ya lor. Think they realize that attitudes are changing as ppl startto become more informed abt social and cultural issues?
Not completely off the shelf can lah
Tomw think 7.50 but if b4 5pm i not v sure.
hi jason, i wanna invite you for a simple dinner tonight if you're available.. it's my treat dont worry. ok? :)
Haha you dabao bah. Im not hungry. Dont worry :-)
<#>
Hai,ranger!im 18,chinese.u intro plz?r u chinese?my hp num is 0165460953
Show tat m-1 thingy. I jus said no of eigenvalue will  same for a and a-
You want thurs? I dunno which you want? As soon as everyone replies me!
Only on yours at least
Nvm...i go myself...
MSMcall: =FATHWA= " Jeevanulla Vasthukkalude Chithram Varakkunnathu Nabi {S} Nirodhichittundu " + JOIN MSMcall to  <#>  *Brought to you by SMSGupShup.com*
où êtes-vous
ok. then you focus on your english first. by the way, you shouldn'tuse "coming to next week". you can say, "Sorry teacher, N level iscoming next week.can  we postpone our lesson to next weekend?"  studyhard, :)
There is a talk this sunday
m findin out if ù feel é same.
Any idea where my bolts are? Not in my desk and not in any of theboxes. Its in a plastic bag. Then all ziploocs.
Hey guys... Where r u ?
Hahaha not sure leh. Are you joining us?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Lmao u nvr stop him
Thank u. Seeya next week:)
Haha ya lo my mum lo brought back again... hmmm hao de... lol... mysalmon sushi! Nomnomnom... u leh bringing lunch in tml?
To pencl se par le .h
Ya avnt awnserd ma qs yet . . . . ? Bcz i waz writin a long msg
Haha that's great... seriously though do they just sit around andmake shit up? I mean, half of syntax it's pointless but it's not alljust made up on the spot
Good idea
Wow ur lesson always so early de?
National day need stay home amen. Buy stuff back can le
Wah crazy! But you learn from chem o before so easier right! Yeah omgwriting them out is crazy enough faint!
hey ps,. juz nw phobe charging in rm then i gt stomachache.. will beediting the front part abit. planning to talk abt hw ic mainly makedevices possible..then u talk more on how our comm pattern change.can?
Okie
Amla is very tough in 2nd innings:)
Wah.... Okay... Then i meet you at somerset or around cine. At about 245 ?
Lol oh yeah. Screw men Ill make my own money without poking ppl in the eye
Hmmm then like that quite unfair since everyone is using the chalet too rigjt?
s little and you work long hours. go some coffee club
OMGGGGG
Jus went yest! Can't
That was also the day you got me into motion city soundtrack and backinto FOB haha
Okok set wait for me till 6
Hey I will be late sorry I sms u again when I reaching shld be around <DECIMAL>
After your movie you want to play mah?
ming, can pass ur notes to me?
Dont think so le bah.
When will you be back? Also, can we wash a few clothes? Not many
I am home!!!
Ok happy kalyanam
Yeah I got home le... lazy to unload my barang barang sia. Now is notbutt... is whole body pain ar LOL
Sure. Wah your OS shld be quite confident hor. Now talk shirt n capliao! Haha. Okay when free, we go together bah.
Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
When is your last break?
Hey..are you there?
Any eta?
dinner... hmm... ur treat!!!
Good memory eh
Outta how many groups
Try to meet with me at 4:00 PM at my department.
Dear leaving house tell me k!
Lols u bring ball. Okay den meet at  <DECIMAL>  lo
Oh okay. Then we shall watch  <DECIMAL>  de bah @ cineleisure. Pleasetell the rest, thanks! :-D
HEY HEY WERE THE MONKEES PEOPLE SAY WE MONKEY AROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS, HOW U DOIN? FOUND URSELF A JOB YET SAUSAGE? LOVE JEN
Chris said you were awake, can you call me?
Haiz dunno him la. Feel like I m losing him, as a friend
Hahaha no la I won't eat unless someone buy for me! A decade soundsreally really cool hahaha, then everyone will be envious:P hahahaomg!!! So lame:P yoku is often! (:
Hey give u by 6pm can?
t understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u
what a pain in the arse
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . RCD is  <#> . CHN is  <#> . YPB is 2. WPBis  <#> .
hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny
Hahas study for math honor test!
hey, thanks for the cookies n stuff! i feel the love. haha
How was txting and driving
Only study 2 days gg max. Zzz tis sem the week b4 exam dam screwed upla. Art got a lot hmwk plus eng
d say hey! how u doin? nearly the end of me wk off dam nevamind! We will have 2 Hook up sn if u want m8? love Jen.
What rightful? Yeah weigh the items that people give and give them detergent packs according to the weight.
Doubt clear cheythuo
Hmmm... Haven reach yet... Shld b e same place la...
m fine... Shoppin now at heeren...
Yea. Haha.if u want u can just crash the lecture. Just be preparedthat it'd be quite full.
I am company ah boa to check up what are you doing? still in your dreaming?
Gm where?
Yr 5 only got exams le. Nt sure te other lvl.
m thai. what do u do?
Yo we meet 6pm cally house!
Gee...So sorry la... My mum oso very sad she missed it... Hmmm... K la, dun thk abt it, enjoy ur trip...
Ok. Then we meet around there ba
What u doing this holi?
I'm sorry. I don't have anything for dad. pls send my regards to cousin.
K sure
Yes
Hey u buying paddle for Joel bday?
Go take kayaking? Or rock climbing course
dont worry about anything and be always happy happy
I hurt u deep deep hor? K la...U not fat la...Sayàng u lo...Dun say i not sweet ar...Littat lo...Lai..
Ok time?
PTL. Pls send me cottage leaderTherease tel number.
Personal work na?
girl, what time is dance tomorrow?
I just put aspirin and a bandaid on it... but it's between nickel andquarter sized lol
send me your shopping list immediately. I am here only for one day.
Hi everyone
Hey.. Tom no dbms class.. So for us class starts at  <#>   <#>  only
Ah-hoot!
What u mean? I see u already create all the accounts le wor
Lol u reach le arh? If u at ocbc I walk over!
Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
Hmmm... let me get on the bus first...
Oh right he didn't manage to pass napfa? Damn!! Ohh!! Hahaha aiya nvmone la 2 weeks glhf to him! (:
Yea ball joints have all normal reactions, no moments..
Thanks. Hope to hear from you soon.
Great!
I 1 to 4 free. How?
Yeah ok I try to send out the ppt on my part by wed.. I will join uall after my tut end if u all still discussing
Thts wat Wright Brother did to fly..
got. but u dun look very nice lei. why took such photo. i wont show herman
Take the MRT to Q.C. Ave station. Then upon mgoing down walk a little you wiull find tricycles to reach the office.
Hey please tell me if the email to Eric is OK.
Hahaha (Y)
Haha really like a rock?!?!? Maybe foreign place ah, so i sleep likea rock! I kick my stuff all over the place at home de heehee! Oh I dothat too! Just not on my bed hehe! Wow really? You are damnsensitive:o I don't respond de LOL.
Right?! Me... New and ruby tracked down our gaia to look at it andremember.. she talked to new on fb then.. ughhh
Eating in sch?
Dear friend im going to london to complete my P.hd .So i would like to meet you upcoming friday.Bye
Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
Yes!
Dad, roy is still not awake. What time he working?
Should i come over still?
Art room
"Life is nothing wen v get everything". But "life is everything wen v miss something ". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng
Same as me.. I remb :)
Want some mac?
Eno lete ana
ll msg u ur no if u haven reach...
No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. <#> ?
Still have night cycling... I got half a one arm now ^^
Oh ya gg study bio 1st la
Oh ho
Post!!!
ZEPOL can intor pls?
try nai kia
ok, change all the black color iin desin to white
Haha still got Dillon right! Oh yeah and vivien! Haha we got enoughppl le haha (: Sophie say de,I dunno how many though! Haha jiayiprolly pulled some strings bah! Haha no lah I think will be quite laxde lor, just that I cannot pull the boat!
<#> h to  <#> h, basically the whole PT period
s styling my hair now.
ll wait 4ü...
Orh ok then tp lor.haha.
Can come fetch us? We are at AMK central.
Ya I in school now.. now free till seven then got lesson till ten. Why lei?
Ohh okay suibian!(: should I shower? Or just go?
OK sure. At   <#>
Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
Ok na
Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
It would be more surprising if you didn't
Yeah =(
Hey so wat time 2moro
hee. baobei! my lesson ended!
''Life is beautiful only for those who knw how to celebrate the PAIN".-.. :-)Gud nite :-)
I meet up with him already. :-)  have a. Great day at work!
Noooo! point is the one near Johnny's house and mine lol
ok thanks
Sunday u free? I jio u go jog at bedok reservoir
Okay thanks... Study hard... Cya tmr!
I'll look it up
Hah i not sure thought she say change 2 indonesia restaurant. E steamboat if is e ma la huo guo its below at e fountain there lor.
Yo dude where can I get you?
kidhar
Mosdef
So sorry let u wait for my cal last nite. I juz fin my lunch. today very busy. Take care. Love u
I finish lesson le, so should be bah, I'll call fab to see if he reach le mah.
She says okay... I go check out the timing then i msg ü back?
concourse
Oh k k..
Science department or science club or astronomy club. I thought I told you. =/
Yaaaaay!
All the best girisha :-) gud luck..
Good evening
Haha sure. Closer to 7 works better for me. Have class till  <#> .
m home.
Ohhh not bad I guess. <#> pm? Okay. Yeah I can accompany. But I might not be able to do so all the way depending on the last bus that leaves for the chalet at pasir ris.
Did Jeff respond?
Tml we used the tutorial time for our pro? I got lesson at  <#>  butu can meet up with pk from 2 onwards?
t started compiling e prog... Only have a written out sol... Must check tmr, la... Sorry...
Ohh I dun think I need it thanks! I only going to attend the sch fortwo days haha!
U dun nd ur pdl on ur first lesson... Ard ur third or fourth lesson den u will nd, anyway e instructor will tell u when... U startin soon?
What's going On.
Goodnite
Homme le bbbblp
R u stil at diner? Where r u?
Hmmm... Light blue. If no light shade of blue then pink is a close second. Wat does it mean? Sounds interesting...
Oh no, later when you wake up, remember do the personal particularsform, I forgot to do mine >< I think I have to go home aft the paperto fill in ><
Hi Boez care to intro yourself
Yup for agm and days of camp. You will need to do up shirts for camp,but np wont pay for shirts though.  <#>  people for camp is notimpossible, depends on how ambition you are.For astro challenge, one team costs about $ <#> . And a team consistsof 5 members. For training costs, usually we dont need them, but youcan put them if you want. Estimate a cost will do.
Haha my twitter like cannot connect eh.
Abit. But not good.
That's totes fine yo!
R ü all going for bio lecture tmr... Got no more assignments rite...
Are you free to go out this sunday? My club is having a performance at musicdreamer at 7.30pm
Lol n1 right aft you msged she msged coincidence sia
Hey Es. You going for soc game on?
I dont even know if he is back. Leona not coming. I go confirm w shuhui. If she really not coming then we cancel.
Joel Lim's house!
Lame!!!!
Haha, kk I now go bathe.
Rural.
Haha yeah I have a nice lecturer. Where shall we meet?
Then buy 2 ar...
I m sorry for getting angry
Ohh! Hahaha pcn?? I wanna cycle too! But my bike is lousy):
Yay! Kisses to my wondeeful wifey!!
Der
Just now eat fish ball. Both no dinner ma
Emo. Mine all at hostel
Hey sorry I forgot to pay you the stuff. Meet you on monday alright?
We at row 1 on left
m have my business. first time i just play like this.
Yup. U just try your best lah. We've backup ideas anyway. Btw, we'llstill be meeting tml. Haha.
Cancel experimentAstro lab
s ;abel,u hav2hear it!c u sn
Important message before Sleeping. Please don't forget to "Close your mouth" good night.tc ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM"
Hey what a great day for adventure and fun. I got great energy to hurry up with my work and come and spend the night with you and come back here tomorow
nobody I know uses a house phone. It's all cell phones.
re e bdåy girl! You decide... Haha...
you put how many points?
Hi any girl frm kl or pj wan 2 chat?
Dont write
No answer =/
Me to ghar pe hu..me  <#> th me fail h0 gya tha:-P
m using my brunei line. Going to but my singtel line. Was suppose to terminate the day i left but dunno why till now not yet
O.., he he he
Are you angry
Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
Yay!! Yeap!!^^
Heh hope im not too late, happy birthday to you! :D meet up soon alright!
Yupz! Yay! Who ü going w? Call ur other frens?
Hey, tml meet  <DECIMAL> pm outside nyp library. Then we meet gavinat his place at 4pm.
Ooo at tanglin there? That's my friend's church LOL!
Can no problem
Well I'm headed back now
Pls. See cr. Bal.
I cnt bear d loss f my malli andrew.i wnt him.stil i dnt no wt hapnd 2 him n wt s gods plan.g.b
One photo is good
I'm on the way alr
U rmb the indian shopping mall? No ppl one. Haha.
t send u home....On second tots betta not...Wasted...Oh...N erm...Not tellin!
where are u now? want supper later?
Sure.
Got so much love. Confirm nice one. :-)  how r u today?
I dun tink so. Ps going back soon
Haha emo! Hahaha! Okay! Ohh can make effort to meet mah:D that's whatlong dist rs is abt!! Hahaha I dun know!! Jio-ing all of you!! (:
Really? ALL Bs? I got A to Cs...
Nn bblp!!! Lv u so very much. See u tml. Muacks
Hey, free on sat night? Wanna date me? Haha.
I ask leo whether he free another first, get back to u later.
Say i forget loh. If he's smart enough, he shld know i purposely one.
Well boy am I glad G wasted all night at applebees for nothing
Becoz its  <#>  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
No lah. Max is $ <#> . Must have at least <#> to get $ <#> . Kk
U ponning hse meeting?
Race queens? Where? I only maybe sunday free.
Eating now?
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
Uhh prolly  <#> +
so u know wheres the photo shop in clementi? Iszit instant? U wan take or not?
Lol onli the bag is each.hahaha.the uncle face like tat where will give <#> each sia.u check results liao not sia.
Oh meet in sch lor. No la its not abt compiling. Its really likedecide report got what sections all that.
Hey.... U don't seem to b online these days..... Free to chat?
No idea. Im in charge of asking only.
Yo you know near cine where got singapore pools?
s somethin like nus version of chingay lor... If u wan can go c c lor...
Ok can thanks!
Lol weakkkkk la I can dl leh. what time u gg?
Yes
Haha idm but I don't think I can pay this month:x happy birthday btw!!! (:
No need to be scared. Pass can already. And I'm sure you will. Sleepearly tonight.
8 bucks!!!!! :DDDDDD
Hahaha still havent reach home.
Hi everyone!anybody interested to talk?
N s0metimes u l0se d pers0n for n0t rec0nizng hs imp0rtance in ur lyf...
My night was awsome, I made someone very happy.  However I was verywore out lol
Eh sat got one slot
He said he lazy play =(
U can help me check ur house there or nearby there hor still got sell the monkey ma.. Macdonald one.....
I dont know what time I free eh. But I think I can bah. Who playing?
Ohh what the my reception damn bad! That was for lewis! Anyway yeahchecked out le! Yeah but omg ice cream in the morning! Haha but gotwaste time anot?
ghar... <TIME>  tak hostel pohanch jao ga wazir ke
Xplain
Hehe hasu bs apke liye special mesage dhundha tha.. Btw aap ajkal aate nai mig pe.. Apki yad ati he..
Yup.
Lol not to niao but I never really attended tuition before so I don't have many resources. Sorry!
0ho ji to party kaha d0ge n waisa mera bday 2 din ata he 5 march ko me celebrte krta hu bt oficialy regstrd meri bdate 6 march he
Hey.. My email address is girishagirisha.net.. Its a google app and I can use gtalk on it.. I will add you tonight.. Can you tell me a time tomorrow that I can talk to you?
u busy ? called u but no one ans
I duno leh, any suggestion i should cut wat. Then u got any place in mind where 2 cut?
r u free today or tml? cos i wan go c digi cam. can go wif me? afternoon or nite also can...
Rotary saw? Or you cut alr?
s late...go to sleep..cya around
Think so bah. Sim only got up and down escalator. I will be at the down one.
Hey do you mind if the cover was poked?
Ok
Yun,u free tml? I off,wana meet up in afternn after 1pm?
Haha how's fringe?
Haha never mind eh your birthday still got chance ^^
y
Pls continue.
Yea. Hey I can't seem to find the material science project.
Walgreens pharmacy tech job.
Got laptop from Sunethra
Haha okay! Good good (: what's nonograms? Left one person T.T
Ok fine, seem like u v busy. If u busy then never mind. Else u fix e time lor.
hall Eleven. Got lectures le mah.èn forget abt complex nos etc. En like got lotsa wk-self one la.
臭宝贝! hee. give you a kiss on your forehead. i go read abit more thengo sleep. hee
Soory for delay
Hary p0tr
white?
It's sooooo not.
Hi all, I will be late at least  <#>  mins.  AS6 air con also out oforder. Will call when I arrive. Sorry!
am busy right now
Like macham I tripolar or smth
Later we having teh 9pm at tamp if u r coming :)
De de u outside?
Huggggggg uuuuuuuuuu dear.......uuuuummmaaaa
Makin excuses..lol :-p
How it is going? All ok with you and nate?
Wher r u?
Watched! Sodoibring?
m somewhere in the middle...
Plz bring the charger and the hands free..
Tang
Ok
K thanks.
hey, we where do we meet?
Kk.. I'm on my way home le..
Ah who did?
Going to school tmr.. Wanna join me?
Hahaha I dun think you can see me, I'm at the other end of the stage,near the steps!
ll not fall sick at tis time la, im strong enough hehe.
are u coming soon?
Vijay's new film鈥??
Lol
Saha vs mum for sym
Embassy... Nope... Y leh...
Denny want breakfast?
Merry Christmas to you too
It is LOL!!!!
Alighting at the next stop  baobei.
U watching dvd ah? Bored den think of me lah.
Gud morning:-) Bring the set up have a nice day andrew anna :-)
Then do ü hand in e matri form in e given brown envelope w e add on it?
Hmm not too bad i guess. I had some volunteers to get the camp comm positions.
Lols he won't buy one la!
sian
Oh, then u let me know when u done.
m going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
Just got on bus, i say ~ <#>
Good night! Sweet dreams...
I got leave today,so I am not going for boarding assembly.
Haha.. Oops, sorry silent, didn't see your msg.. Cool, how did you do that?
Thik hai.
Haha okay! IS <#> 's project need to find a company in reality onear, can find NYP, so maybe can interview your bf. Haha. If need assistfor that, can look for us next sem ar. Haha.
was planning to leave now but traffic very bad. Will leave after 7 soplease start wihtout me.
Eeeeee you don't know how to appreciate true beauty man :( Haha kidding la. Doing work now?
Haha yeah true lol. Tmr public holiday eh. Got go out mah?
Kranji le dearie
Ohh only now? Sure you wont get scolded?
sorry i ll be a bit late...there in 5 mins
in station?
s dinner har? Can wear jeans wif me?
Yeah haha
ya, reach home alr. juZ finish dinner. tmr i going out wif tan wh ,shld come ard late afternoon. u wan go jalan tmr?
Nitey my precious girl!!
Wish u a MERRY CRISTMAS... lets feel and enjoy da season's spirit...
Ha, wrote that's all really interesting! Pretty funny, little old Akron
Vv
Got lah, but just came back only.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Thanks ar. Actually, i asked xiao ping n sent out an email to u allytd leh. Haha.
Yeeeah lol.. this sucks lol
Pang gang is the black sauce type. Ok?
Lol. At least the shirt I bought can be worn during informal occasions too.
P
Ooooo! Lucky:-)  dear I juz realise bidding ends tmr 5 pm. Haha. NT today
Oh OK sure
Okie
Ya haha... anyway still got other study mah... I tml got another onele lol... haha told u I help u register le left 2 slot =p... u tot Ican't even rmb ur matric no meh haha... but if u dun want can cancel 2days before dun worry
Why arent you coming back tonight?
Gg means going or good-game?
Lol okay. You all reaching already?
Thanks!
But I not sure wat info to put in yet. I jus buy corrugated board1st. BTW size is a3 rite
Good evening:)
Hey chuanwah, do you have friends that wish to be gls?
BLESS YOU
Bhai apna name to bata do
Oh wait d
Coz u r trying to ignore my problems and desires.
I wont touch you with out your permission.
Cheh! Can I go?
Okay
Ay wads ür email? ü got friendster? Add me zh0001èn@ntu.edu.sg
Lol i dunno go ask on facebook
Anything on 2day?
Thanks alot mr tan!
Pehle  <#>  ki hoti thi bilr mai
happy birthday
Hi! i recommended ur names to a friend called Pei Shan from Professional Investment Advisory Services. She might call u, if not interested, jus tell her. I'm sorry i didnt ask u abt this earlier.
Ten what about food.
On the way
I emailed him. Let u know when he reply :-)
I reached a long time back
'Best love advice'...鈥┾????
yar NS2 to free software ha...tujhe ky脿 nai mika?
I actually do use them as a cone
Not the equipment, a switch just had to be flipped
A swt thought: "Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.." Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
7am to 9am?!
Egg mcmuffin meal drinks change to ice Milo. And sausage egg mcmuffin burger without meal. Thanks.
Today mango got 10% discount.
<EMAIL>
Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
Ill be at yours in about 3 mins but look out for me
Okay. I'll arrange with him.
Wha so early... Shuhui n me later mayb go take photo at clementi but not confirm yet. U wan come.
Hey are you slept:-)
s meeting confirmed?
ll rather watch tv... Den y u not goin...
Yar lor. That's y a bit ma fan. I think abt 6pm shld be fine?
ILYMTYLMNR! Just wonderin' if you have any planideas about hangingout... also that imperial march was pretty great
kk.. so the view catalog and rental services i do right? juz wantedto clarify in case we duplicate
Rohit now.
Haha coz you're early! My room ppl all here le! What are you going totell Ivan hahaha! And whatcha wearing! Bright red?? Haha not myclassroom sadly): do you want to help out for done swimming event?:Dcan get 2 event tshirts and  <#>  bucks!
K
Train breakdown
Yupz... We all went... Lotsa pple were there to send her off too... Nothin much happen la... How r u over there...
OK sure
Haha yeap! Decided to eat banmian instead haha! Haha yups! Ohh wejust meeting to do lit review!! (:
Fine i miss you very much.
Hahahaha I wouldn't be shocked
Hey u coming to meeting room 5 later?
Heehee timo is late!!!!
Sorry forgot reply! I went db today whee! During ns really can't gooverseas?? Haha coz I felt like eating and sleeping!
Yeap I was! It was short (: i'm boss of the junior 3on3 hahaha damn cute!
Rajiv Thakur <+ <#> >,
Joel and me now wearing house t shirt at west coast market
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Ya they volunteer! Later kayaking can see Joel :) imma reaching le
Okay,but you wont be able to eat meh?
Haha... Ya, came back yest.... Yeah,nel can use oredi... Can take mrt home...
Free one ah?
m e only son u know.. haha.. y he got so xiang wo meh?
Haha queenstown shopping centre.
Sure
aiyo.. sayang u la.. eat wrobg things ah
hey... i was thinking about that movie too...
Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
Haha oh yeah it's all in jap I forgot sorry! Haha remind me later Ipass you the link! Haha yup oh he say he choose liao, mage I thinkLOL. omg go eat!!
ben is getting scolded as we speak - ben
But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
Omg u did didn't u?
ll be bringing my laptop to school tml oso do project so can do wif ü all lor...
Any hmwk/ quiz for honor?
No she's not
3 days actualy. . Fri,sat,sun Yes startin dex is nt a bad ideea
Bout 1
Hahhha okay!
Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
Hey I was going to msg u.. I can't check now. Attending funeral wakefor my grandfather.but I think shld be soft copy..  u eat too fulltill sick ar
He guailan la. Called me just now. Bad mood
no lah u apply  during waiting list, sure get one then extension A no need point
No cos i not v sure leh so didnt buy lor. U always send e msg twice. I was talking 2 leona on e phone so haven reply u.
Yessss i'm so sneaky slipped into bed just minutes before they got back
Ok!
Sent say san child go back on e learning
I thk no need.
Yar then can say hi... Then later can go for dinner... He like doing project...
Hi there will be a special meeting to change d name of our choir. Pleas com wit suggestions at ten am tomoro if u can. Thanks. Tc. God bless. Bye:-)
Got my book!
I can't leave ether D:
Ok. May God bles u. Bye
Yay! China boy happy
Ahh omg can read the super long sms? It's in there somewhere:D
Yes:-..
gd day! gd afternoon. Thnks for cuming for our convo. C u!
Eh... Wat time u comin...
Wru
Go pc cluster print lor....
Haha sorry I need to go for convo rehearsal at  <#>  >< will you bethere like 5 mins before that? Just 5 mins can le ~!
Ard 6 like dat lor.
Lol my iTunes just played it!
Library partying lol
Kyu?
Come da
U complete your subj pool already? Got another  <DECIMAL>  creditsone on thurs or fri.
Yuppa
hey gal.. wont b free.. why?
who?
Ana hai?
Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see
I miss working at the movies :(
Yeah around there
Alright lol
Idiot dog.i am ur wife wats wrong in it..hw was d photos
Okay great. I'll send the consolidated list to u all later. U all canadd in if necessary before sending to him.
Btw, for sat, it's from  <#> am to  <#> pm right?
Hahas kk
No
Pls accept me for one day. Or am begging you change the number.
hey meet at 11 on msn?
Eh wan swim at clementi later? At bout 5?
No
I mean friday
You were supposed to wake ME up >:(
Xin said okie... Huh? U in macs now ah...
Hmmm... Wed after our test?  Dunno one hr enuff not...
Hahaha meet you at atrium hao mah?
Good Morning.
The change name thing! Only got half an hour to study! Oh you haveenglish today?
How about you
Can u bring ur tut 8 for ST1232? I nid 2 refer 2 smthing..
Can one. Girls confirm slower
U send me d mail.
Ohhhh snap
just call
Very little hair :))
Halo... I juz reach home... Ur msg came juz in time...Hope u had fun... Nitez...
Oh? I think it's module prize.
Uhh no. But your tutorial is with me
Oh ok lol.clutch is wat sia?If ok then I chip in ba.haha.
dear, if u still reading book,....... kiss u! come sleep le! hee.
HAHAHAHA your tummy probably wont be bigger than hers. Lol so sundayI bring it down for you eh.
Thks
I love my girl too. Now.trying.to download the file.
Art was probably a- to b+. Chem was quite easy
Umm yuexing.
HI HOW ARE YOU?
you buy the book ?
ll go check...
hey, thanx for helping me today.
han
Why!?
Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book...
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Maybe  <#>
Yeap ok! (: hahaha airport!!!!! (: (: (: watching TV hahaha!!!
Aiya,i went to church 2dy:-) i asked one thing from him..u kno he showd me da answ aiya:-) c u 2mrw.get well soon..miss u lodz:-)
Hmm mayb nxt week u remind me? Ti ,week quite busy ps
wanna play GoW ? i'm online.
Where u? I at boarding office
I am so happy for us
s nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
Lol I bet he forgot about it already.
Ya at last i got it frm u only.dats y i told i am happy.n nw ur killing me with ur words
THERE'S KOREAN VERSION ALSO LOL. I KNOW I LIKE THAT SONG ALSO! I DIDN'T D:
<#>   <#>
Buy some more mangosteen back lei... Da mangosteen v sweet...
Hi Ricky,  sorry to bug at night. We want to check again with youthat the carpentry pieces to be replaced are going to be done by yourgood carpenter.   Please get them to go ahead and measure tomorrow asthere's no time left.  As for the show piece, we'll evaluate it on Satbut please don't wait for our judgment before getting the newcarpenter to do.  Thanks! How was yr discussion with Desmond today?Please update us. Thanks v much.
s e mock? My tutorial juz ended lor... Got 2 hrs break now...
K..k...
Oh noe u are rite! Lols
Hey we are at coffee club wisma. Come find us
Yeah sure!
m fine looking for the job. n a days.
I was sleeping): ): haha I check out le ma! Can't go back in!
lt 32.... Same as your monday one
Haha big tummy better lah =p... oh so good! I dun have travel bag loI dun mind getting one lol... haha go half only then pon le
Aiya you chem zai you complain for wut..
Anyway sry i dnt knw abt dis
i tot we are meeting at 3? now changed to 4 already? ugh.
no problem:) glad that u have got the student pass.so u go to iteheadquarter already?
Hmm.. ok lor. From chapter 3 onwards?
You awake yet?
Wru
Haha niiiice!!! I'm going to take ein shower :)
When did you get to the library
Then how would I even know of it's male or female..
s game loh, u good at it wad... ;p
In center for class:)
Posb savings  <#>  $ <DECIMAL>
Ohhhhh oh no! I'll cook you some food later then, and more sprite
Wat u doing?
Sure.  Will do.
m at AMK now
I having project meeting now, not sure what time will be done. Latestmaybe by 6pm?
Art B+Chem A-English next semester
Eh jos... Can confirm oredi?
Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
Hmmm... Ok only la... Gee...Y, interested ah, intro to u la...
As in so far he replied lah!
;-D
Okay. Once u come out from e exit, towards your left, there's a road.Got pick up area. I'll be there.
Hee lp slp le ma? Nw I watching show
m nt comin bk 4 dinner ah...
Haha... Yea man... Lol...
Who is this
So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc.
Feel like going... But not prepared la...
Hmmm now is totally no internet?
orhh okok. i go see
LCS dunno I haven hand up a single one also. Zzz 6 MV a lot le. Hopehonor can get A
Im not at home.
0k
Send me pw of IRQUE lab:-)
Adichanga la! Appo edhuvum therila, ippo dhaan semmaya valikudhu!
Laohong where are u NW??
Hey do you all wan meet Mr lim for tip 2moro?
Ya bring all!
我和虹伶会迟到.
Is it times new roman font 12 double spacing?
How can i dun want u? But now u say i a bit hungry liao..
Wa so healthy! Haha then no worry lah... I mean tml... then let'swatch bah! Haha... up to u I anything one lol if u wanna do assignmentthen nvm lo lol
<#>   <#>
I don't know who this is!
Haha no idea eh. They still deciding i think.
I didnt scold u u my dear... They come back ard 8+ to 9 ...
Lol. But no task manager means less available memory?
What?
Ok thanks.
sowee poo poo, no angwy... niao niao love u...
Haha u fab bubble tea of all time... Woot QQ noodles lol so cutename... but I eat at home save munay! Lol... the continuing ur 2ndround?
I see. Ok... thought u can be online too
Noted.
Nth else. It's only the research file.
No. What will happen if is multiple tabs?
i got the perfect christmas gift for you! tee hee! i think u will love it!!!
Goddamned signal!
Where and when de.
Yea set! Excited alr
oooo! tired ma? hee. baobei go home rest? nw quite late le
K Lo cya there
OMG DID YOU READ TT'S EMAIL WOOHOOOOOOO SO HAPPY!!!!
730pm is better right? then after that still not too late to go home..
7.35 behind
Hey. I forgot I gt another meeting till 2:. U all discuss first,Imeet u all later can? Sry. I uploaded my stuff on ivle alr
u work till so late! u were in office yesterday?
Have... When you print that time... You can chose to print odd pages only
Ahh I cant make it. Sorry.
What happened between you and sj anyway?
Li nanxing right haha yeah I think so too! Then my mum look abit likeanother one i'm not too sure of her name! And my cousins a few of themalso look like some mediacorp actor or actress! Haha no so I can't liedown on it now! Haha I'll talk to you then sleep bah probably!
Caw caw.. hahahHAHAHA
they said no :-@
Haha just came back from cutting and buying lunch! Haha but theperson never really layer it so the behind not so sharp liao I think!hahaha now eating lunch at home! (:
E owner is klw? I dun haf yellow pages at home.
Olol..sux
Lol you sure?
ck, my exams over liao. when you wanna meet up?
What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip & don't worry.
Ah? Enrol what?
But there isn't a spreadsheet file in the thumbdrive.
Nope. U reach home already? How about we fix a time then go up.
SCIENCE doesn't work everywhere Because the time taken to love someone is never equal to time taken to forget them. This time newton is wrong. Gud nite buddy.
Bubbletea
ll buy tmr...
Haha okay that's funny. Yeah lets alight here.
Going to eat now
u crazy izit? nxt time i dun fren u liao
Hahas thks
FruitPoptartsWaters
Haha he still quite concern abt me. So gan dong. Then u suddenly jus tell him u attach w darren? Then u got ask wat present he wan?
Yeah yeah sure. No la.
We r done...
are we done in our project
LOL WHAT THE SO DIFFERENT. why would you show up at my house bleedingXD go to the hospital!
Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT & HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
oo.. still gt very long?
Meet u at ctrl station k
Yeap! Setting up!
Okay. Call u when I reach. Thks
Yup, thanks! (:
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
Sry tat is personel
Aw man haha fine:P see you later then!! Enjoy yourself ((:
Hahaha omg what the name or bedroom the streets HAHA. you don't sleepon the bedroom! Hahaha it's alright lah (: nights! Sleep soon!
Ohh kay tiongbahru. Gv tiong bahru I guess. Gotta check timing first.
Both also can. See when u wan take.
Alright thanks. If u have any qns can just sms too. Enjoy your weekend!
Haha then go sleep lah dun force urself awake wait u later cannotsleep lol... haha I tink I shall read webcast later
Its choir! Np haha I guessed as much! Yeah i'm studying chem now!(:haha I'll study chinese also ah, that's how I got  <#> / <#>  ma!
Ah should be okay. Dunno how to get there though.
Pls call me when you are free. GBU
So you have take care yourself ok. if you olded no body want you
Sorry, I'll call later
Are you joining us? XP
Lols u bring ball. Okay den meet at  <DECIMAL>  lo
Don't la. I prefer a long and free xiao long bao buffet.
Haha me too. Is cally at home?
s life...
So don want dinner is it
q1 hi hoa
Helw jeevan.. I'v paid f0r ur items 0n eby plz shp thm asap
opps.. cos u say better dun go out mah.. so i jus come out loh.. some more so long didnt come out together le..
@ annual retreat. Thinking of you in prayer. GBU, Fr. Bob.
Guess he wants alone time. We could just show up and watch when they do..
K
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Ok... I c got time a not...
I had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
And i will be late. =s
Anyway its nice ella
To9 tia?
Grr i'm just waiting for the day fb releases the group chat API or the day everyone agrees to use IRC
ll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den...
"Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But, its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U..." Gud nyt...
Ya recess week let u still want tutorial? Lol it's on 4 mar lecturetime. See lesson plan
Go man go 2 bed
I went yest! Lols this Thursday mayb?
MUST TELL ME NAME...COS I FORGOT THE CODE LIAO...HEHE
Ah ok
Hmm tonite but need to be late late.cos I got lect in school till 8.go back oso close to 9+. The report I put in a docx with formatting le.I will do the consolidation.later I email u all 2 past sem or year de assignments.both report got a+ de and both use nist.u all refer to ur own parts u all previously done.make changes then tmr nite we can meet shortly to see if any problem.then how abt Thurs we meet in school to finish on the recommendations.I heard from other teams the recommendation quite troublesome.
Ok set go on thurs lo
E tester close eye mah, even remind me 2 change my gear. Haiz he know if i dont pass this time v poor thing mah hehe.,
Kk.. Take care! :)
i am busy right now , will get in touch shortly
Is ur lecture over?
Best story
s place ar...
haha who are ü arh? New no on my fone so sorry
God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
I'm here, lol. Nvm, see u on tuesday =)
Hey babe! stop poking me lol
Goodnight <3
Omg i'm so sorry I just woke up!!!!!!!! Should I still go><
call her arly in the morning
Paiseh left phone at home to charge
s quite lousy...
Tomorrow is better, today too many activities. Thanks.
Noc if free. Else PGP
re blacklisted what
Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
Man.. I knw tat.. U r doing nt a gd thng .. If u feel luv 2 her, y dnt u tel ur feelngs 2 hr
Nop
Yupz... Okie, can...
Hey ü want to sign up for travel insurance? 70 i think.
LOL TIMO JIO US GO BUGIS BUY GIFTS HAHAHA HE WAS LIKE "WAKE RYAN UPAND LET'S GO OUT!"
Sry dear.. :'( time pass so fast
Ong n me take BF in yours house 8.30.
Mike's watching tutu, thinks Fakir is the main bad guy =P
m in nus sci... U?
Haha yeah. Clear your d drive partition too if you wanna play save.
Havin lunch w frens tmr den go shop shop lor...Oh ya hor, u have holiday tmr oso...
Hi, i am Meitung here. Wanna ask you if I wan to edit my photos like u did for ash wedding! Wat software I need to use? Can download free from online?
Yeah it's on his skydrive! But I lost the link hahaha! He uploaded bychapter, I found the entire book in a pdf haha!
No meh. Class outing tmr you know right?
Hi
Eh that time that piece of paper we discuss for swen is with u arh?What is the function I need to do arh
Haha uhh okay ah! he's a senior! His hairstyle needs to change though LOL.
Shuo dao zhe ge, zhe Liang tian you night festival,shi mian fei de..ni ke yi qu kan kan.
naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
Ok now at northpoont
Thks!
waitin for mmy food to finsh then eat then wash my hair in sink then chil then try to nap
Yes. Sure. I've a tut at  <#> am too. Haha.
Y so quiet all of a sudden?
Hi...chakkare bharya.sambar is like truth.truth kadvi hoothi hei aur aaj se saambaar bhi kadvi hoothi hei
gd nite
haha, kk, tyty! ben sends his deep deep love
Dao me:( fine..
Dai ku:)
ll remember if i gotta e honour to...Keekee..
Lol yes! Haha and I still owe you monneh.
Ahh okay okay I shall not talk to you for now, can tell you don'twanna talk! ttyl!! Heehee that's the first time I used that acronym inawhile!
Hmm not really but have craving for. Korean food!
Ok. Thank you ya. Sorry for disturb. Treat u eat after that.k
Oh icic...ask him if he had done anything for his part...got anyinformation like urs...no have essay nvm...
6 day week ah,thats terrible.I think ü can speak veri well,so shld have no prob wif interviews mah.So far i got lots of combat action and driving.Quite fun...
Hello sister
Just report in fbo lor
Ahh I am so sorry I really didnt know. T.T 对不起.
thank you aunty uncle ,i had a wonderful time today. think u can tellbut still want to thank you all. haha.
It's cool, we can last a little while. Getting more any time soon?
Haha my biochem teacher! coz he say tday alot of people give himstuff! Heehee he pass me coz i'm biochem rep haha! The extras sittingon my table! hahaha i'm too skill lor until cannot see!
d b more effective if i were watchin e show w u.But never mind that.Kena arrow for some stupid course:Communication.
orh.. kk, then i come with empty stomach can alr. hee. how was ur day?
Sounds like a good plan I think... and what?
Kk
Ok nvm
Uhh wre have that briefing after cl paper you know right
Dai vaisnavi is super fig
So u reaching what time ah?
hahaha yeah! I really hope I have internet in nz haha><
race 4-7 Ashgrove $100
Okay. Thanks.
Kk
Hi, i spoke 2 her. She tld dat she cn take classes in weekday mrngs only. So she tld dat she vl speak to her friend, mrs. Joy, and let me knw. Thx a lt man. Tc
Leaving! Not living! Haha I dun know leh, and the ice cream won't befrozen v long!
Im sorry. You get it from cally bah lol
Haha okay okay 1 koi.
Hahaha good luck! I just finished my test haha
Tsk k. What are you all doing later?
hello how are you. I am going to orchard road now, see you.
Ok can try
Fab house which floor ar??
Hey, i'll be in sch earlier to study. Won't be joining u all le. Haha.
A..how come u got receive, thought it didnt send cos it prompt me got server error. GOt a lot of things to do. But i sleepy n cold cant think already...
Train soon le. Muacks
Sorry!! Haha I asked ard but they say theirs no money:/ should I gotop up my card? My room ppl just use non colour printing hehe:X
I love to cuddle! I want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
Hi intro please
Stephy with me dey. You wait for chao bah.
Tml morning u free for tennis?
Okay. When's script check ending? Gotta grab lunch first dont forget.
Where is the playhouse?
Hahaha I dunno! He say one! It was ok:D
U think i call u 2 pei me go out w him haha... He wont ask me out alone one lah. If t day ever come i can buy 4D.
thanks for the temales it was wonderful. Thank. Have a great week.
Yun ah.now ü wkg where?btw if ü go nus sc. Ü wana specialise in wad?
Now i'm offering prayer
Heee. GD GD. I so wan to give u a big bao bao. Sayang u la!
May i knw whoz dis?
K. 6 plus leave
nai hoi
Yea  <DECIMAL>
wru
And now electricity just went out fml.
Yoyo ppl! Can one of you come down and take the ssef forms from me? Iwon't be joining morning assembly or joining you guys for theworkshop><
choa chu kang. u take towards jurong east
IT proj mngt is $ <#> . Cheaper than co-op by $7! But tg said likediff from what he saw. Nonetheless, we bought it. Haha.
Hee dear ah. You are so wonderful also!! My family all love you. Hee
HELLO DARLING!
but then she sayz i v lazy. i gt do the proj wat?!
Ahhhh got other possible choices?
Dear Sir, I called you 2-3 times but you didn't received.
Pls b n de church at  <#> .!5pm. They are bringing the instruments to the church and practis at church. Pls tel romesh too. And pls b there. Its important
Ok ok let's joke until we see prices HAHA.
when you wan me to be back?
Hey I can't go ur hse on this sat le. Got smthing on sry
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Are we meeting with Justin?
Lol cheap places please. Imma low on cash, no work eh.
Hmmm... Thk can go la... How much, 15 izit...
Emo no have channel
Haha i'm okay! Not sick! ohh no you must be damn sick>< how>< drinkmore water!! Haha i'm at the jurong west central park eating vanillacone!
Finished.
ve reached home finally...
Thank youda
See I'm gonna die first. U should take out some life insurance on me while u have the chance.
sending signal.... still sending..... still pending..... sent!
Mere bina hi shadi kr li na tune.
Haha ooo shihui decided to leave first!
Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
Yes
what are you doing?
Ppplpll
AC canteen
I'm editing the IS <#>  now. Wilson will edit at  <DECIMAL> pm if hewants to. If u also wanna edit just go msn and inform them later!
Crim mind hahs now finishing le
any prog 4 u tonite?
Lesson at 4pm tmr ok?
I wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... What did you end up doing ?
Woo okay. Deleted le :-D
Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
K
Right outside
Tmrw dbms clas z not ther,so attend classes frm  <DECIMAL> ..,pass it 2 al our classmates
No. Did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
All good :-)  take care.. let me know once you find some time to breathe!
Wait one min
Hi, hows your sunday going? Hey, did you invite me to friendster when i gave ü my email some time ago? Juz curious abt this cos i juz read abt it in the papers.
I'm slightly miffed, just saying
Hi Andreu, going 2 st peters?Cant open the door.came  <DECIMAL>  frm aunty's house n trying. Have 2 mait til dady comes <DECIMAL>  2day he has put key also.
Cgh hai tera colg
Ask what'
LOL ARE YOU SERIOUS. We just laugh coz ms lee just cont speaking themoment it stopped hahaha!
Gee... I rem... Wont forget... Thanx... So when u wana watch twins effect nxt wk leh...
Where you
Yup... Taken oredi... Thanx...
I mean a walk downstairs or anything.
U went wifout mi? Mit u in e lab k..
voucher + vip card i think each person 10+
lg i end le. wait u at byebye place
Let me hav my dinner
hmm. dunno yet. why leh
Ooooooh I forgot to tell u I can get on yoville on my phone
Hokay! Im on.
Want to Go perumbavoor ....
I got a new phone so I lost all my contacts!
s VPN? Need to dload anything to use it?
apka naam?
If can, i want to take both lvl 2 n 3 one. Why leh?
Tell me where u sit. I go sell txtbk first. Haha.
erm, not really. but shld be quite ok to learn. can ho library borrowvisual basic books:)
Sian! I just msged you on msn!
Haha aww. Congratulations you wont be diatracted anymore.
Why?
Heehee, nvm, just go there and field a team :p
LOL WHAT. O.O how long have you been playing it...?
I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
I dint go 1st 3 hrs nah! Ask ur day schi frnds!
Really meh? I can start leh.
Okay. I've lec. Haha.
Ha
Haha I also miss lec but got tut so must do lol... ya lo u so cleversure can one lah.... becos virtual kiss not enuff! Must give u realone later!
No no I didn't decide not to turn up I overslept x.x
Waa then can le. U can collect how mch Oo
Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
Oh? I thought you went singing?
It's cool lol.. nice!  nothing as far as I know =/ I was freaking outbecause I realized you need a federal ID to fly, but apparentlythey'll let me with the MCard and my birth certificate
abhi nai hoi
Oh in one of the documents in your thumbdrive got the assets list. Ithink I placed it outside.
<#>  sept!
Bye have fun
Yeah you pick out the one that you think it's the best. Lol you aresuppose to choose leh. Not me.
I'm not driving the bus. At YIH liao! Haha.
dffff
K.madam.
Hahaha how do you live with it omg hahaha!!!! Hahaha okay!!!!
I agree =D =D
Lol oh ya buy koi for your friend. Queuing up for it shows your sincerity.
Sheesh...I dunno how come fell asleep then end up late for waste of time course.
yar formulas ka kya decide hoa tha?sir paper main dain ge formulas?
Wat time he pickin u up?
A bit irregular though. Sometimes over  <#> , I think must rundiagnostics to truly determine. W7 the transfer speed there far fromaccurate. 1 thing for sure its much faster than usb2, so worth theextra bucks.
Augh give me a moment i accidentally the usb port need to restart
Ok!!! Looove u Dar. Gi hm safe
Umm by the end of this week if no replies, gotta go down le.
Haha.. Okie.. Actually, fig and olive will nvr have a queue de.. Hehe, dunno why.. But yea.. Later when you come, you see :) haha
You eat so little ah!!!
Dadmobile. I think you can hop on too
Ok lor ü reaching then message me.
If you have one user's edit profile open, and open another user'sedit profile in another tab then he wont be able to edit the firstprofile. Editing is allowed only for one profile at a time.
So I can ask you what to do.. lol
No
BTW ur math ass  5c i wrong I tink.
The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel
ok,  <#>  can?
yar emt chap 7 or 8 kitna karwaya ha
Ask him to take call
Sorry...cant make it today
I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
Hee. Orh!! Tutor lending me lab coat.  Frenly
Tell me ya confirm time later so i can tell ryan n ron
I ws in d church atndng holi mas
Lol I have no memory of that happening.
Good evening:)
Nop. Neck ache
Okay, but he okay to play overnight ah?
K enjoy.
I really miss you
AND CHRIS IS THERE TOO
Good morning princess! Have a great day!
No i'll stick to china metal kthx
Ohhh
You know it
Future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! Do the best in present... enjoy the future.
I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
Haha see if got time bah >< oh icic! Raghav is cool:) haha oh thatsong got two versions! One of them is entirely canto, the other isduet, the guy singing chinese LOL. Haha err 2/3? I'm gettingdistracted:x yea its harder!
Jon called to advise you that the system has been reset. Please restart the server and reboot you computer. Thanks Mary.
U can come my house first, if you want.
Wat ü having for dinner...
Can you ask Jeff if we can come in to the new place late? Like afterthe cleaning and stuff, at like  midnight or something?
No no no it's fine wifey! I always miss you and ruby's =(
haha... u can go youtube look for tutorial oso very easy to pick up!
All right
You go gebi check.
No hurry; we arrive around 3
Haha ooo then Rits will be better bah! Hmm really? I don't know, butthey are definitely alot more traditional than the kyoto ppl! Andtheir families don't really own computers o.o
Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
Black. Thks! Pay u when we meet
Ooo interesting! I'm coming down now ~ ps took awhile!
Everything!
s on 21st dec at east coast park there
Telerangers, powertubies
hey wendy said that we can stay overnight at her place next week cos her parents are going to genting. u wanna stay anot?
Hey gen, rmb to send the one pager to the lecturer hor. Btw, if uneed me to print it out for next wed, just send it to me. I can printit for free. Haha. Gary.
Chal thk he par de jaiyo meri m0m dant rahi thi
think i know him lah that short guy  which curly hair wear black spec
She doesn't have her phone today, yeah she has excercise on, but day shift so may be coming back
Yeah working out now. Gotta give Minnie a bath afterwards. I think itried World of Goo before.
It would have to be after 9. I don't have minutes.
The freak is speaking.. shat
Have... But using xunlei... U go www.verycd.com search drupal
Nigjt dearie!!! See my girl tml!
Haha sure sure! I bathe liao so just gonna stay awake! Yeah Swype gotupdated! My dictionary all gone ):
Ok..
raza sahab ka number send kar
Haha, poor thing, i hate it when that happens to me, well, hope 2 c u online soon, :p
Eating in sch?
I'm on my way
Tel unna to c d mobile
All done? Good. Have a good day dear... Remember to brush teeth ok... Ha ha..
Aight
As for your feature wall design, we think your design is not quitethere and looks unfinished. I will repropose design and send to youfor your feedback. In particular, the partition and feature wall don'tlook connected or contiguous. Also, thought that you were going toconnect it to the cove light?
K bye I go slp
Ok
NOT MUCH NO FIGHTS. IT WAS A GOOD NITE!!
Hey dad I Bbq at fren hse at guilin view
Lol he wont drive faster because it's nearing midnight le. Can earnmidnight surcharge. XD
Lols pull eveything!
Hahaha yeah I never forget birthdays. :D
Oh, hope ü have a good trip. Dun worry, i ll try hard not to miss you. Haha....  :-p
I already buy le. Sorry.
Ok.. So sorry abt dat. I eat wif u on other day k.
Hee. Seating and thinking of my girl
Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
Did you apply?
U use  <DECIMAL> m one or  <DECIMAL> m one?...
Babe! I fucking love you too !! You know? Fuck it was so good to hear your voice. I so need that. I crave it. I can't get enough. I adore you, Ahmad *kisses*
Yup... We are all here... Waiting for ü ...
Elder.
Ya d
Kb at night leh... we must go book for the weekend too... You want to go maldives?
(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)
Haha  <DECIMAL> pm at holland v
My sis got drivin at 240 everyday lei... Den she say watch at nite... So how...
s ur password la...
HAHA thanks alot ._. Ooo how come all around the same time!
han g
Ok.
Okay, cool =)
Haha there was selection last year I think! Oh wells I don't reallyhave the confidence anyway! Haha yeah the song is damn different fromtheir normal sia! Haha okay then I let them know bah!(:
Haha okie... U haven tell em change time rite, den dun nd msg em...
Mhmm. Anyway my mum says she's gonna bring me to the doctor after assembly today perhaps.
Hai
HEY DAS COOL... I KNOW ALL 2 WELL DA PERIL OF STUDENT FINANCIAL CRISIS! SPK 2 U L8R.
I got direct bus leh is the one on scotts road rite
No
Hi:)what you doing?
Dun wan tan?
Should I meet you there or do you want to come by and pick me up?
Hmmm. Can la jus give ur best for the tickets
Yo, how're you? Did u contact dr brown abt the conference? Btw heuploaded a pdf file regarding the presentation
U reach school den msg me lah..
Seriously v dangerous le. Up to u la jus be careful
Got cb lim chong shen class lunch. Mayb  <DECIMAL> ?
LOOK HAHA IT'S GALLOPING.
No eh. What I want to see is effort. Because your poster will be seenby all secondary schools. And you need to wow them.
Wahhs i'm bored already!
Good morning my yeiyei!
wah...ok
Nop i just rememba these 2. And i lyk dm.. Startn and da endn dialoges of ep1
Yo i'm bored!
Cab is available.they pick up and drop at door steps.
s no bio later... Dun go ah...
Yeah.
Yeah vid soon
its a good site plz watch it:-)
Happy are those whose greatest desire is to do what GOD requires; GOD will satisfy them fully ! Matthew  <TIME>  Have a blessed day :-)
Hi darlin i cant do anything tomorrow as my parents are taking me out for a meal. when are u free? Kate
If she's not staying then dont need le.
Hahaha oh no later they scared of me le how hehe :P haha yeah I liketo cling on you:P your friends are shorter than I expected LOL.
d like very much 2 b ur fren Can u give me ur tel. no? 0166305681 pls. call me ok. TQ!
Oic... So whens your next lesson?
It's  <#> th to  <#> th for participants.
Ah? Lol I cant remember eh. Should be inside.
Haha orh! haha I don't know, yeow xiang ask me go msn so I'm onlinebut he say brb ._.
I uploaded mine to Facebook
I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  <#>
u make draft then we meet to show him ?
I can't make it tonight
Haha.. ok..
Haha... Jus tryin to keep in touch lah... Ya still workin as surveyer but goin to quit at e end of e wk... Btw ür work affected by  SARS?
Eat dinner at vivo!
eh.. u see her original then follow? or u cqll her n ask .haha
How do u know?
Nvm
Oh and ask tay!
hee. chouuuu baobei want baobao from yeiyei laogong. i go eat now.
LOL okay! Good!!!! Sorry late reply hahahaha we had supperrrr
Bring tissue paper out ok... We use up oredi...
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL> . . .  From Senthil Hsbc bank
Friday yeah.
Haha the design looks much aligned and it's much more sensitive. Woohoo.
Hey today you free? We going to fab house.
Lols!
I will watch TV later
Wa!that.s later than me!ok...set...thu evening then! Good luck dear!
Ask already ron can, leona cant, xf n ben not cfm. T why e dinner not cfm yet. Btw shuhui saw nemo already.
ll call u la... How wld i noe wat time...
Hi Andreu, staf meeting now. I'l go home n talk leisurely. I was preparing reports. May God bles u
He cut the call
Ok we meet after yr trip k. Have fun n happy birthday in advance.
Still wnrking at d eye centre?
Haha you want?
Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
Lol you stay somewhere until rain stop le then come over bah. Here noumbrella lol.
Eh those were fun stuffs!
Nope, I'm sorry
Hello Andrew! wish you and your whole family a very merry christmas! Hope you have a peaceful and fun day! God bless..
Okay we go for dinner then?
on car le dear! my daddy's car was juz behind. hee. sayang u la! muacks!!
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
Baobei laogong!! Rem to eat ok!! Hugsssd
okay!
Can fetch me?
Haha okie^^ so you reach home le right! Haha i'm sleepy): go bathe go bathe!
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
K, wait chikku..il send aftr  <#> mins
haha, dun worry, i started studyin few days ago.. sure can do! ;) i only smoke my tests and presentation, NOTHING else. dun think too much. Ü
Pyar se pyar ko basaya jata hePyar se pyar ko hasaya jata hePyar to wo dawa he,mere dost jis se kanch ko bhi kohinoor banaya jata he
Just having nw..wat abt u?
Hmmm... I thk 10 lor...
Yea I rarely use comp la. He got kicked till lame liao become baika
Hee. Muacks:-) I just woke up!! Go sleep dear. Nite nite. Tight hugs.
Yar i apply da wrg acct then i noe only when i cum to sch... Haven me installing wireless case driver now...
I thnk u can... This was a gud turn in ur lif.. Im sure dat u learnd a gud lesson... U vl nevr repeat it. I swear.
Sat around and talked some with one of my professors and somefriends, but mostly watched people haha
Oh =( =( =( =( but I'm gonna leave at the end of the week =( =(
whats up?
Hahaha finally! My dad fetched me to sch and back, bought breakfastthen just reached home! (: haha eating breakfast! Why???
In class.. what's up
Have chem  <#> .% done
Yeah, it's just getting fucking ridiculous.. yesterday they keptbanging for a few seconds after I stopped
My bike..
"Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doingordinary things extraordinarily well." - Angelique Arnauld
weekend take liverpool...
I need to c arthi
Haha pig! I just finished dinner (: haha my chinese is not good lah,just tyco de! Haha don't stay up! Sleep some more!
Wait for  <#>
Was in biz Canteen... now in room
My mum helping me buy.
Lol oh cui.Sian.cannot help her bid cors.lol.
Tml run got timing already?
Bout 6
Oh! Have fun!
What's the site?
Ok i'll leave at that time too
Enjoy ur life. . Good night
Of course tell u. Hee can can
Lucky I got nap now Dam awake
L CALL U
Ok. Will do. Thanks :-)
Hahaha slap!!! I wanna know still!! Sorry late reply hehe I wastrying to upload our pics but my phone fb is lousy cannot set privateto only one person!!! Wasted all my efforts on the descriptions):hahaha yay glad you're home! Hahaha I might move I told you beforeright? Chibi hopstep!? Hahaha super random!!!
Later give u a miss call then u come down. Thanks.
Haha no la lol I taking bus.
Yeah we can.
Woot I tot u say u want ur jiang Nan message tml one suddenly dun want
hee. today so happy wif u too! laogong jaw pain again?
No. Anything? She go jb
No I don't have cancer. Moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
Yup. But nvr go hm
Sorry, I'll call later
Wee ann says  <#>  meet in school?
Pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
Must write it that way? Can I dont follow the proper way?
Hi. Do u know how to use javascript to validate form data?
Lol okay thanks for volunteering. Haha I will let cally know. XD
Hee. Ok. Can. Where u now?
eh, no, the january one
Posb savings
i am going to bed now prin
Wah arsenal so strong! Haha.
Can u use any sick time?
Haha my napfa score recorded wrongly, from gold become silver. Veryupset coz I really tried super duper hard for my sbj, finally got cfor it then my teacher recorded my before retest score instead haha!It's nothing de la, small matter!(:
What should i eat fo lunch senor
I forgot to ask ü if ü wan to color ur hair...
Haha show can get online mah hahaha some more scv got replay de
Np np!! (:
mila
Ok
Yo yo this is leo's number.
Yar abid se bol wo presentatins wala page ka pta kre..wo chahia hai lazmi
Ohh hilda tay just in! The condo is called aquaria or sth! Walk inthen turn right to walk along the shops!
Oh I havent decide.
K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
Loft
Woohoo pokkeh!!
Msg lo
s just agree to leave this aside till we meet later? Too much to do, so we both need to concentrate.  Had bfast?
Hi for tml.meeting, where would u all like to meet? I suggest we meetat  <DECIMAL>  we can have lunch together
Uhh i need a ubec in case. Mine starting to go wonky
Okay! How about the resume, quit and the other cloud button? Need mouseover?
Hey...pls add ur references in the ic engine project paper by sat night...
Thk so lor... Tmr den confirm...
I got job:)
Okay. Then i'll see u at  <DECIMAL> am at bishan taxi stand. Okay?Thanks once again for fetching lah. Haha.
<DECIMAL>
Yes, burden off my shoulders! Haha
Da wer r u?
on the car le bblg!
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
Making fish porridge for you tonight...
t finish my film yet...
Oh yeah of course. Haha people dont change as easily umless theyfaced extreme situations.
The holdin hands is a bit much. They prob dont even like each other, lol.
In 'The Universel Bank Of God' God stores his blessings&deposited  <#>  days full of love, faith& happiness for You So, Enjoy spending HAPPY NEW YEAR
Oic. Ok
Evng
Lol got meh. You said you wanna watch shows.
CAN YOU SLAP HIM
Hey chuanwah, remember to tell them your group is hypernova. :)
Pssshhh... did you watch GoT?
Ohh okay good then. What you gonna do after you get home?
KBC A  <#>  M
Fiona going clementi for her makeup and hairdo ... so I slack awhilethen can come over le!! Hee.
LOL I GOT YOU. haha yeah tmr major! Nope my test is at 1 haha
Hey, gud morning. I hope you are doing great. I'm in Accra now. I got here at 5am and have a nice day.
Ok
Same as u 1245... I oso wan shop, but cant leh, parents dun let me go out liao...
wah riao i feel so dulanz! xuan abandon me yet again and stay his fren house! boohoo! i am all alone in the big scary house!
Ü try lor if nice to wear then buy lor... Wah ü all so fast go shopping oredi... Wat ü all doing now...
Lol?! Stalker eh. Haha
Haha my bro is watching spirited away!
Haha huiping. Dont really know eh.
Eh 6 pm. Waiting for hl. Y lei.
e practical results are out le..u noe?
Orh. Laogong want
Okay.
haha, i today mc, if u book le n no time to make payment, can ask me go ya...
I'm alright, still a little fluttery but I'm drinking
stats soc,we will b holding our camp fr 2nd to 4th jul @sentosa,$25/head,meeting place is nus forum.pls reply to this msg.Thanx!
If you can get it, it'll help you =P
I think u read n understand the link which kajanan sent loh. Thanks!
Bhai is time to koi b nai h0ga ek br girish se puch
How to write all that in Chinese LOL! Thanks!
i think 4 or  <DECIMAL> . u go check
I rushing there to slp 1st lols!
Okayokay no sleeping near girls I got that. Dont be worried and sad. I have no idea what I can do. Any suggestions?
Alright. U all wear nice nice okay then we take photo. Wahaha.
sounds gd. if wh can finish his work then we go tgt? u all fetchingpor por in morning?
OK. Jack submitted the hardcopy already. Thanks for the effort
Oh my god that's awful! I take it people were pretty injured?
Resend me. I didn't receive
I thk dun wan da glasses lar... Seldom use it anyway... Save some money... Hee...
Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  <DECIMAL>  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
I am not sure about the details either. Maybe I will play if I am toobored I guess. Not sure.
m gona borrow frm her tmr...
Then still ask me...
U need my presnts always bcz U cant mis love. "jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham" prakasam ennal prabha 'That mns prabha is'LOVE' Got it. Dont mis me....
Mummy ask if wana stay Maldives
Alright. I go slp le cya 2moro
Too bad no slam dunk poster dude
Hahas its ok
Ups band ho gya tha...2 min ruk routr on ho ra hai
You're super attractive! I would totally send you a pic if a) I was                               single, and b) it wasn't totally illegal for me to do so.
Wah coming tue most likely I cant.
Didi aa rahi he kya?
Haha nice!
Yeiyei can ma?
Your so mean!
What r u doing now? Taking ur aft nap?
Noice. Text me when you're here
Any info abt preethy
Yeah I really really hope so!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello, my love! How goes that day ? I wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. I miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*
:*:*:*:*:*:* kiss u back!! Dear dear dun sleep too late k. Talk to uafter ur show ends.
Yea I will b kayaking rite?
Okay your group name is supermassive and please wear red I mean
Vetti dog! En hr ku varala?
Marsling
Am n bus.sithi mre e neme wl cl u
Bblp I love u sooo much. Lg will work hard for our future de!! Kissesand lots of hugs.
Belive it or not, But check it.. 'If u r happy u'll remember the person whom u love..' 'If u r sad u'll remember the person who loves u! Gud aftn..
Surely result will offer:)
hmmm.. okay..
hey ppl... remember tonite we meetin 7pm at ps lips cafe.. cya.. dun put aeroplane hor.. ;)
u always like that one... always bully me
Excelente
U msg da
Haha okay bahhh.
Yo i off class le!
Ok
Okay no problem!
Name?
K.. so where are we eating?
ve you been today? want to go out later?
About? Whether or not will I go?
Haha ask cally decide. Im on my way hme le.
X=(y^2/ <#> )^.5+y/2? Dulan no paper
Bhai tune wo ebay pe dekha jo mangwana tha n 2 addres de jispe tu pr0duct mangwaega.. Abi msg pe bt kar bhai cal pe bt nai kr sakta..
Ok sure
Okok
should i go 2 da party?
Huh? 6 also cannot? Then only how many mistakes?
Ohh same for many others lah. Dont worry.
Haha what's the shocked look for!
hee. ok! leg nt pain alr ?
Still doing.lol.sad.
Ok can.
Eh raffle city bu shun Lu arh lol... city hall bah where u all le
I already biting my tongue
Sup is there land training 2day?
Oink:D growing fat! Anyway did I mention the  <TIME>  one of thecharacters is called Chester! Hahaha ohh and did Dr teh reply you?
U so early
i didnt quite follow the presidential debate, but did anyone propose to cut funding?
USI PROJECT MAIN
I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day.
My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
Haha yeah! She lives at the edge of jurong west, next to jurong east!Coz it's not morning sickness!!!!!!!!!
Fighting fish. Ohh washed the dishes. Not bad ^^
O we are coming back
Lol I send wrongly im sorry hahaha
No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
Oh ya.. come down..
Btw whatcha doing!
I want u homeeeeeeee
Ok. Did he announce it? Zhou hong thought it was tmr too
I wish U to have a ..... Sweetest Sunday, Marvellous Monday, Tasty Tuesday, Wonderful Wednesday, Thankful Thursday, Friendly Friday, Successful SaHi Andreu,hows the day?A bit better 2day.Just give a ring 2 my dialog.Daily 'Alow sim card 2 send a mesage?' it apears n v cant operate anything without turday. Have a great Year. HAPPY NEW YEAR leting that.Baba's 2o.Dont kno howmuch they charg 4 that.Must complain.May God bles u.Bye
Happy anot? First sem in nus de proj already so good.. Haha.
Haha... They cant what... At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
wat do u wanna noe?
Question 4 how
1) B <#> . 2) Alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) Sat morning,night or sunday.
s goin...
Kk cya
Edison has rightly said, "A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM,GN,GE,GNT:-)
Ohhh ya hahaha thanks! Im sorry I forgot to save your number.
Yeah. Monday night can.
Ur sem %
Last time that 1 ah.
Just finished dinner. Yeah on the treadmill. Eh next week no school,then when will there be school?
Daddy at home, what time you will be back to fetch me to airport.
Haha not tonight. Got a test to study tml. Just reached home though.
Uhh do you want to fly after your first break? I'll need to brief you
Oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected
Oh ya check ur nus mail I tink the marketing study got someone emailsay if for any reason cannot make it can email them.in advance one
Uhh sorry was busy. I bought phtoresist; i checked that pololu dunnit reset pullup; basically it should be up quickly once i start printing
Sorry for what
I go basement fir awhile
Really?
Hee. Roger!
just chked my emails onli... haha...
How long does applebees fucking take
Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
Ya... Afternoon show rite... Dunno wawa wana watch anot...
Change windows logoff sound..
Hee. Lg rechingin 3 stops. Lv u!!
へいしゃすうしゃすうしゃ
Yo wasup zack.. i just wakey.
Hi li mei, hope u r doin good.. Yes i am attending for the seminars.. I can return the book today aftrnoon, coz i cmin uni for a meeting.. Tc
The camp commander wan steal my class supplies
Dear reached office
I am not having her number sir
Hi, tml meeting is postpone and we shall just send our work to eachother online since Marcus have a term test on Monday.
How about 7 pm?
Hi SUNNY, lea 25 mly f, u?
Hey isurujith, sorry man, cant make it.. a little caught up withwork.. have a great birthday!! Will catch you soon... :-)
Kindly forward me dbms notes tonight.
Pc cluster lower level.
Lols cocked up msg ps
<#>  T <#>
Hey hey we gathering at makan place. Ourspace not open.
Ohh! Hahaha why not!! I'm cool kay:D hahaha Huiwen say she's comingtmr! What are you talking about in the last part, I don't understand!
Hahahahaha!!!!!!!!
Haiz... Still got so much time left, nxt time dun come so early...  They will check den call me back... So borin now...
always be happy
Where are you
Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
Den ur parents got aggro? Eh Mon can do wad
Gilly now
ll be bit late.
goodnight guys.
Leaving now. Please start first. :-)
Okok thanks... Can take bus D rite?
Initially he kept on asking me to find replacement and told me cannotcancel. Then I keep on calling back to tell him I have no peoplealready haha. This went on from  <#> am onwards lol
Haha confirm is the baba one! hahahah but you go choir every week deright! Yup i'm doing carbonyl mindmap!
m at e bus stop outside esplanade. E one opp marina sq rite?
Sorry I wont be free this weekend. Can we have it on monday instead?
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
Explain!!!!!
Oh... I noe oredi... Sci library,  u can print stuff...
Vettori for rcb....
Lol I tink too late le lah... now call also no use... nvm hope dunneed wait so long lo
can you try  <#> ? I have class at  <#> .
Kk. I wait at coffeeshop lo
Okay got it. When you arrive just go all the way inside. Let me knowwhen u reach.
hey we will miss you terribly when you are gone.. all those great classic jokes... sigh! lookin forward to seeing you in holland next june!
Bad romance got  <#> , <#> , <#>  views ,woo
Alex u supposed to do 3 &4 not 2&3!!
She juz c first la... Not buyin la... I oso c c wat...
Welcome to hi!Card by SingTel Mobile. Divert calls to 1344 for Voicemail. To send SMS, change SMS service centre no to +6596400001. Call 1800-4822800 for info
家了宝贝
Aj chalega mvie?
Chalega kya
WHAT THE LIU JUST SMSED ME TO SAY I NEED TO TAKE THE CHINESE TESTTODAY BY 6 LOL.
BJKPK <#> G
Me too
What time will you finish all your mtgs today? Had your dinner? If not, can get you something later? Not going to hang out late. Will be at av.
Orh.faster come faster come
Whoa seh looks high tech
No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
You eat alrd?
Waa so late? But now go sch do wad
:-) .
What(Many caws to you btw)
Neh,only Yuanhan. Yuxiang went out already. Yeah now I know:(
lub lub u!! rem to drink more when u get home hor! u had such a long day today
You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!
K..k:)
Ohh why did he even make such a decision.. Have any idea why?
Hello! Seeing you reminds me of seeing you win some lucky draw lastmonth... there was a photograph of you in some OSA newsletter lol
Oh good good!
Dar reach hm le
Hahaha im at ah ma house eh.
What? =o
I agree. So i can stop thinkin about ipad. Can you please ask macho the same question.
Let me noe when u reach home.
Much better now thanks lol
I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
Ic... But u din say... So i thk u dun miss me...
Go n study
Hi Andreu, book sale over? After u leave baba cal me. May God bles u.
ll tell them to meet at 730 at paragon food cellar.
Its k
Hi im roy 25ch and ü esther ...
For 2 ppl  <#>  bucks considered reasonable I think
Hey live!
Ok Mr lee
I registered 4 it liao... I put class 13 first den class 14...
Btw, u don't worry too much abt your lec okay becoz tg and i also gotproj meeting at 4pm so he's to go back to sch too. He said he'llupdate u tonight.
Lols. Dunno how! Go where
No idea im not at home. Roy should ne at home.
Do u have to work tomorrow
ID <#> K. Hi I'm interested in this assignment. Tue  <#>  preferred.Sunday will be best, if possible.
I c. U nv tell me
Hey... Is your sis going for lessons or sth? Coz i will be late....
yes yes
Mis u da
Eh ur laptop got no stock lei... He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
thurs shld b ok
Okie.. just saw ur msg, i watching tv, hee..
Not sure.
Oh okay!
Hmmm... Muz glue to e cardboard at e back lor...
Yo mr weesong. Where's my alumni card?
Hey my art changed frm 1 to 4 le. So only frm  <#>  to  <#>  free
Nitez sucker
P
You mean older sister or younger?
Good good. Enjoy your dinner! Hee. I going out to jp with my sisters.
Yeah lo. Probably she cant wait eh. If she were to take a break, shemight not have the motivation to study again le.
Yes princess! I want to please you every night. Your wish is my command...
Kya hua b0l
Hi, u r now who
For realz its called kopi luwak. They feed these weird types of cats the coffee beans and when it comes out they make it.
Haha have a safe trip home! It's okay lah, see then see liao, came doanything about it!
Yup. I'm still waiting for laura. She'll be late too. Now on her wayto habourfront! Haha. I think i wait for u all two bah.
How u know
Cat, have u form ur 3214 grp. Jun Yun here :)
Hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
t waste time quick
How much did u get in assignmnt1?
m in e movies....
Bhai wo milne ke bd bta dunga.. 6 se 9 chal phr
ok i am leaving now see u
I told your number to gautham..
K:)k:)
My dear, how ah? Woo woo... Wasted ah... :(
Superr!
Ok!. Ur ez link wif me...
That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
m oredi on my way to funan liao...
Gud mrng dear have a nice day
Alright. Sleep well. I love you
A/ <#> , ramshraddha apt, indralok complex phase 2, new navghar road, bhayander(e).  <#>
I'm not sorry!
or store credit for tomorrow?
Hello hello I have no choice but to take bus coz its raining!!! T.T
Haha I think it should mean about! Haha what the she must feel verysurprised haha! do you do alot for your sis? I managed to convince himto go, but he's a scaredy cat so I have to go meet him at the liftlater._. Haha okay (: (: ehh shokudo is like that meh! I dun rmb itbeing many diff stalls! Haha have fun (: (:
Got soup!
(pls join r prayer chain at  <DECIMAL> ) Pls pray 4 Lalith Thatha 4 healing of his injurd leg thro d precious blood and wounds of Jesus. May God's wil b done tFr Bob has requested the bible coordinators to come to church on the  <#> th of September at  <DECIMAL> am to the main entrance door. We will be going in the entrhro his pain of his wonderfl servant of His. PTL! ance procession. God Bless you Roshal.
Come home early then
N btw ma name is sunny nt sunni:-D
Can no problem. Eh I don't think I qualified to play with any1 leh.Really shld be getting the basics. Unless she total beginner also la.
Wah you must be really suay. Lol you need to find other ways to gosch eh. Haha if not you need to squeeze with those people for a fewmore years.
Boey: Hai! jeff care intro. me chi f.
ok. np.i haven done mine also. lots of reports to do too. -_-"
hy are you replying late.
Heh thanks alot.
So where?
Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
Lol.. Are you nearing home le?
Nwton:Hw to wrte 4,in btwn 5? China:Joke Japan:Impsbl Amric:qustn wrng Pak:if u askd foolish que i kill u UK:Nt found in intrnt Frm India Rjnkanth: "F(IV)E"
Ya that is fine
Ok I can't do anything now until around  <#> ... just got in the busand going home now... haven even ate my dinner zzz
cnt slp
Do not judge others, and GOD will not judge you : Do not condemn others, and GOD will not condemn you : Forgive others, and GOD will forgive you : Give to others, and GOD will give to you. Indeed, you will receive a full measure, a generous helping, poured into your hands- all that you can hold. The measure you use for others is the one that GOD will use for you. Luke6: <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-):-)
Godmother.. Oh well your decision!
This is prelim interview still got one more layer to pass
Om nom nom
Stupid go n sleep
sHi..Lag..Care to intro?
I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
Hehe hasu th0di sharam rakho..:-P btw i'm wearng blue undrwear n0w n wht abt u:-D
Omw home now though
I did'nt know about nivi
This is not frenly. My stomach purposely empty
Yest we try until so long... Today i go sch they oso cant login... Waste our time yest...
Interview tomorrow at <#> am. Wish me luck!
<#>
Ya.. Im here.
i m going to university
Eating at  <DECIMAL> ?
Hah at least I dont put on a mask whenever im out. :D
Sentosa to learn volleyball lols. U meet them for wad sia?
Hahas! Wat time going
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Haha okay o.o I forgot the movie le! Haha ^^ no cake, got pizza,chewy junior and sushi!
Wah wah. You not confident in econs?
Eh dun prank me
hci survey  <#>  l h b j e c d a i k f g
Lol my cat has a foot fetish. He's always playing with my feet when I try to walk.
Reached where u
Sorry I dunno. Think u ask either xt or hl?
If a day comes whn u find a better person than me, just remembr dat.. 1. Wat i gave u, is d best of wat i hve, 2. Wat i m to u, is d best i cud be :) takcre
Virginity is dumb shit idgaf
You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
I'll go with the majority.
Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
Exercise til wat time? Aft exercise la...Fat fat.
50 de.. Here everything s blocked
Let me know asap leh
Hee. Dear tired ma? Give u lots of hugs and kisses!!!! Mug mug.
Night night yei yei. See u tml!!
Haha next time bring you go eat eh. This meal quite impromptu though. XD
Oh so touchie~~~ then for that I shall eat supper~~~ lol... thensince pei me eat lunch le also pei me eat dinner =p... Oic so u stillgot enuff to go for 6 lesson lah lol
Yup. Can I get xt and eve to buy mcchicken for helpers?
d be abt 15 mins late.
Ok. So now? Which canteen do you prefer?
Auntie, 生日快乐! 对不起迟了一天。祝你身体健康，生活愉快。:-)
Thats so random
At computing loh. U reach le ma?
Wat server u using? U online?
Gud nite swt dreams
Eh under the marketing strategy part can help me take out the focuson world class research since we adding in something else le... andthe recommendation number 1 since when we have that arh the allocateappropriate proportion one seems weird to.me
Awesome!  Thanks :-)
u going with Yun 2morrow?
Hi when are you guys leaving?
Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
Okay, i can go now. Can probably reach in  <#>  to  <#>  mins. So how?
Girl. Sitting around doing nothing lor.
I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
Hmmm.... No la... Thk we will go n apply 4 some stuff first....
Madam, Leaving to Qatar tonight in search of an apt opportunity.Look forward to your prayers, guidance and Patronage.Respectful regards.Rakhesh.
Okie u msg me ur ic no n add? Ur yiyun is together rite? Or sep?
Yes it was. You wouldn't have survived
Eh at my ct bench there's a bucket with one of your papers inside i found it over the sink in the toilet just now
I hope we get to convince him to do it.
No la. I jus now concussion not thinking rite
Hmm I am confused!!! Haha it's the Swype keyboard!
Are you doing studying today?
Bro is thr anythng wr0ng wid the trckng numbr?.. Bec0z its shwng as invalid whn i trck numbr.. U'v pr0vided d numb as  <#>
Hihi.. Wana ask you if you still have your computer graphics book? :)
Couldn't get you on the phone. All done, coming home now.
Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
Hey peeps go play captain ball
Gumby's has a special where a  <#> " cheese pizza is $2 so I know what we're doin tonight
Haha okay (: my mum dun let me go shangri la haha! Haha your dayright! Hahaha send him some random sms and hint to him you got brokenwrist:D hahaha yeah it's training! ohh no i'm speaking to the wrongperson!
Haha okay! Wow haha I dreamt of you, but I forgot what liao!
reach already. where u ?
Nice. See ya then buff
ur icq num?
U pay oredi... Den mine must b 35 lor... Mine still do a lot of thgs, haha...
Haha past exp tells me to be prepared ah! But we're to awesome so Ican []! Haha really (Y) haha yeah I hope so too!!(:
Oh.no class?
the magician..
OKAY HAHA IT'S OKAY I SHALL SMS RAGHAV THEN!!!
Are you this much buzy
Hiya... Den i configure tmr la... So mah fan...
s bdae...
Are u having dinner outside tmr?
Ok Paul, 0165656589. Anyway, w ur u wrkg as what? Nice sms u.
Just reach woodlands checkpoint, wat r u doing? I bought some tau sau piah, dunno whether u like it?
Ps jus realised diff break...
you always talk-cock, so black-listed
Y not talkin
Will it all fit in the back of the pickup
How heavy is my stuff
Can send me the ward no
Thats not a gud set.. Sliding model, vga cam, etc..
Honey barbeque and mild and hot or hot barbecue
r u online already?
okie .. wat time ?
Then nevermiind eh you go down withyour result slip first.
Ok. See you 8.20 at the station..
Dunno but we finished the main word
what's matter?
WHOA THERE'S PPL TO SMS? When I got my phone in p2 I only smsed my cousins!!!!
Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
Thankyou for the wishes! Hope you r doing well. tc
Frog? Wah. Okay you decide 1st
No yet maga
Oe itna lamba ma likhwa. Max 4,5 lines of page
Yeah! ! Mugs
Hahahah enjoy =P love you!
Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
'l talk tonight dear now u study
Reached :)
Hee. Mug isnt as important as u. Dont worry! Muuuack!
Nup it hasnt i chk daily
Lol strategic is leh? I got b+.
Tml morning need to come early to prepare anything for launch? If notI'll come at  <#>  or  <#>  le.
nai unity feedback rakhna ha final value theorem apply karne ke liye
I LOVE YOU TOO
see you later
Hhahaha yeah, if you pass this, you are one step nearer!
Take exit 6 pie, turn left to  bedok north Ave 3
I am so tired I going back finish everything then give you a cal ok?
Why didn't I listen to you?!
Kallang area
Ok no prob
Okay ((:
Hey ger wana go cyclin tomorrow?
wrong ah. my senior told me few ppl apply it
Plz come online and give me a ring cut..
WAHAHAHAHA YAY I GOT  <#>  OUT OF  <#>  FOR PHYSICS.
I donno its in your genes or something
Ofcourse i hav it dear.
About 6 I think.
Yeah =/ I have to wait for other people, bleh
Haha slow!!!
Eh Truman says he might only be going for one day of chalet. And joel has chem o everyday.
Hahaha!!!! Okay see you!!
8am.
Gd morning. Hope you have a nice day.
Xin... Wat time do u wana go... Ard 10?u wana come my hse there, den can give u a lift...
ll be happy to accompany u to watch soccer. Ü if tml u still wan me to watch wf u t
Los my fren suddenly jio me go 2moro so I tot might see u lols
I mean, he is going to call back about whether it is 100% sure if he can give that to us, but he probably can.
heee done done!!!!! i at bizcanteen now. u??
Erm lyn now at jurong, then she say by the time come down will be quite late
Lol ummm I think shouldnt be a problem?
Can i pass u cash instead?
We r near coca oredi...
You
no. some secondary school kids
The one who spoke said ok. Yes,finish interview,leave things n go out 4 lunch.
How many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. You not listen aha.
hai ranger
Office dun nid serial mah its cracked already.the copy is an already activated copy.cs5 hmmm.I find now.lol.
Funny
Lol yeah. Even when you are supposed to be eating sweets and puttingon weight, you somehow manage to fall sick and lose some.. looks likeyou were born to be thin :p
She say da 12 lessons ü can go for any class... Then da unlimited one for 3 mths is 330... I havent sign up yet...
Hahas chem? Or physics
wwwww all the posters and banners for the GE start flying liao
I everything also dun have...
Haha but why must change!! I dun get it!!
Now heading over from school. Weihao still inside?
Package all your programs well
Meanwhile I'm so happy cause mark is willingly getting his hair cut right now =D
Hahaha but yours is like look natural, his kinda spoils the pic!!
No responsibility! Lols jk. Kk cya
Hey our jazz dance teacher is really the dancer for tcs... You watching the sun yan zi thing?
That was my plan lol
Ok. Wait
Hai . . . . .darling
Lt  <#>  rite?
Not a drop in the tank
Okay noted. So there isn't a need to work on  <#> nd jan right?
do you or your son watch whyy or pbs?
You sound annoyed lol
Oh he is m2?
Wot?
Hahaha ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya ya.
ek baat to bata
Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
Then how now? Ryan say ask too late. I tink next week then borrowLo... Tis week use the nub one
I think it's all still in my car
World beat centre, yep
Start at 3?
Eheh how many subway vouchers do you have?
I have no idea! Yeah I most likely going by myself haha x.x ooo okay!Have fun at the thing haha:P yeah I think she should be!
heh how have u been?
Haha.. yes, I am up.. surprisingly! You didn't take a book?
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
Haha I want to eat uhh penang fried kway tiao! Hahaha yeah see booksare so awesome you should read more:D haha okay enjoy yourself! Imight get my hair trimmed later today! Hahaha my current shoes aregood! But I wouldn't bear to wear it to walk on mud):
LOL HOW DO YOU PLAY THAT HAHAHA OMG SO CUTE HAHAHA YOU ALL ARE NOTMUGGING MY GOODNESS
Ok
Sorry I was sleeping
I dont know. Depends on emmanuel I guess. He doesnt dare to voice out his opinions.
Some friends want me to drive em someplace, probably take a while
But I also will be late! Haha...
Oyea~
Haha what? Wait I check later haha I never open all my emails!
Ajmer bhai
FON, R U THERE
Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
Hahaha.Yeap.shd have taken some China business module.muahaha.
Honth jab Honth se milte hain to kya hota hai... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hamesha galat hi sochte ho Muh band ho jata hai idiot.
Pls b thr4 practis at  <DECIMAL> pm
By sat night finish can liao.
So still have?
Hahahaha niceeeeeeeeeee.
Tell me when eating!
Ya
just now already confirm
-.- fine.. are you busy today?
either ur power cable spoil door port spoil, I used one of ur monitorcablle instead. Just needed to transfer the letters.
815pm.
Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ...
Lol that's a turn?!
Eh can't dos u know I nvr pangseh fren one! Lols Thursday u jio me laI sure go
I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  <TIME>
Okay :D thks
Ok i'm also freeish
Lysosome transport things and container do the same so i tink is container..Of coz i mayb wrong..
Where u going these days ah?
Awwww give you a *hug*
Ok
Kk tonight! Sure excited
Whoa... I go see the list of pple in ivle first.. see got group to join not
Hahaha. That's true. then... nite Nite mommy! :-)
9 to  <#> ! :D
Haha... Okay... You going to mail her? Or you want me to reply...
Hi, happy new year! How have you been recently?
Oh oh. Haha but now nothing can be changed le. No wonder yesterdayyou dont look really happy.
Ok meet me at d arts canteen.. Can..
Haha happy new year! Sorry I forgot to reply you that i'm outside.
i think what i hav told so far is no big secret...
Imma in a grp with Ronald loo shaohao
Okay. I'll update mine tmr.
Yep, getting up now
SGC Services Private Limited Genpact Retrials Team C- <#> , Sector-8,Noida -  <#>   <#>  (UP) Toll Free Number:  <#>  Ph.:  <#>   <#> / <#>This is for PF related.
Hahahahaha ok.u got all ur mods already?
Will be slightly late later. Hv tutji frm 2 - 3.
Haha...Nah its ok hope wei yi don think we tua her
Hmm isn't it in singjie's message? I believe it was cs <#> _cs <#>and wavewave
<EMAIL> <EMAIL>
heh. of cos! hw is ur day?
Ganesh,aaplicatin f geospatial technolgy,satish serial publicn dlhi,ENVIRNMENTAL GEOGRAPHY by savindra sng
Eh.. is it? What time ur sis timing?
Haha... Ok... Prob borburn coke?
No need job in mnc.
Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
Will call now
t worry abt coming home early. Not expecting you to. Take your time.
My modem keep dc from internet...i was tinking going this wkend orduring my recess week...but ur recess week so far apart frommine...just asking la...if u dun want oso nvm...
You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
Shld be free this sat. Celebrating the lantern festival is it?
Oh is it? Send me the address
Hallo, have you finished your class? can we meet in 15 mins at e pink table at science canteen? I will wait near the instant photo place.blue shirt.
Wah congratulations! Haha anyway after tt's approval, I will sendthis to everyone, then we can start to search for manpower andparticipants le.
Okay. Noted.
): haha are you with vivien?
Haha ahh dunno! Maybe if I go next week I shall say hi bah haha! Ooohmm I dunno leh, but now you can slack le, still ask you help me do,not very nice! Hahaha ok ok I still haven't finish tomoyo!! Yeah itis, but yuhan cannot come! At most go canteen or amphitheatre alsocan! Hahaha if I start attending the church I went to today regularly,you won't be able to poke me right aft your service haha! It's from<#>  - 1!
How bout holidays?
Ok juz for coffee rite...
Yeah but extra workload so it's quite sian.
Haha. If u want. I'm leaving at  <DECIMAL>  either way lol
Saw. Will have a look...
cal you tonight ok?
Hey later bring the bands down!
I am goin to jvc slot today
Was writing notes
I can't. Asked fren to come study le
Lol also got good guys de pls. Anyway what the heck is a yuan jiao mei?
Gigastone
I dled 3d its very imp
Aiya..u so naughty!! Telll meeeeeee !! Still shopping ah? Later Igoing back to office, forgot to transfer my stuff to dropbox.hee.. runworry later my Daddy driving
For swen lol
Wat r u doing? Still sad ah?
Okay... Erm you can try to read it
Hmm okay!
Haha...
It's okay. Thanks too. Haha.
Not too late la. Hee
Primary sch fren. 1 guy only. 2 ppl go own ubin le
Where r u all now? Eatin?
Ya... Thk so lor...
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Got it?
Eh.2nd or 3rd floor?
No man. Fighting isn't good. U need to release ur anger in another form
Oh chey I thought rage! I am bored! Hahaha I'm not, can't reply youcoz lagging like mad! Hahaha I have to go for chinese in half anhour): when does the server come back up?
Where u all
Okie cya
Ok
Can ü send me a copy of da report?
<#> pm for lunch. :D
Right. And cards too right?
Hi. I know it's last minute, but if u want to, i'm playing in aconcert tmr at library@Esplanade. Bach and debussy. About 4pm. Free. Ucan drop by if u want:)
Hey billy be brave for ur surgery
What??? U got laid?
No se. 1? 2?
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Fuck I just said that
so later, what time u want to meet?
Where are u? I am eating lunch now at kallang
Yes caught in rain right now
on a Tuesday night r u 4 real
Piggy call me once you r free.. Need to talk to you..
We go eat tom yam and curry??
Fare thee well!
yah
Mr tan, the room  <#>  booked for astro by auntie soonsin was used asnight class.
Jams on the highway... c'est la vie
Okok I reach bout  <DECIMAL> . Jus join awhile
How u get e job, newspaper ah... Gd lor, u lk e job can liao... Den hows e pay...
Nite nite my girl. See my yeiyei tml muacks
Hi.. yestrday i went 2 see the new Jackie Chan's film. Superb . . U must see that!
Talk to you later crazy
ll have a 6 day wk, haiz...
Noted.
4 min reach
Yeah la. Never met her before?
Room
m free...
hey thanks for coming down all the way! And thanks for the gift.. Iam planning to use it on my fyp
Okay then nvm. No what, ideally it'll word like google doc whereeveryone can see everyone's pt. We each have our own part to do. Whywould 4 of us change it till very messy?
haha what!! Ohh is it, hmm you see it then let me know how it's likebah! (: haha well you agreed to do so just out in effort bah! Hahathen how come change?? Some random foreign number call me 4 times o.o
Haha im only working for event these 2 days.
can we friends
Yeah ok! Later I send again you check can?
Ya i am doin too much.hereafter i wnt ask any one
hi friends good morning
What size does she wear?
meet bishan k?coz nearer to her plc,we can meet longer b4 she go bck cut cake.
U in melbourne got c da kind of sports bra dat i wanted fr nike? If got n cheaper, then buy 4 me can?
Yeap downstairs le! Sorry just now stay outside your class damn longcoz vivian wanted to meet ros haha!
Haven't seen u in ages
Oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
I tot sohjie Eman shaohao me 1 group
Yea lol. Where's glen
Authorised study center.
Ard 8 lor... U finish dinner already?
Oh okay thks!
Dear Customer, Your A/C no. XXXXXXXX <#>  has been debited with Rs.  <#>  against cheque no.  <#> . For any enquiry contact - toll free-  <#>   <#>   <#>
Waa Emo go slit wrist ar
HI WANT TO WATCH REAL STEEL AT  <#>  PM AT PLAZA SING?
Oh okay, no worries it's no big deal.
Oh ok u got it
Important Tip: Please Don't Eat Pizzas Samose Sandwich Ice-Cream Chocolate & All BIRIYANIS Without, ME OK.
Yosh, we at makan place.
Thanks for sending this mental ability question..
I thought u graduated already. We'll see k?
You still at the game?
Mm thats so small na
Go n study
Ok just got it
Ooh icic! Hope I get it then! but second sem the modules same or not?Ohh some thing supposed too separate the red and blue balls, the guysay can't solve de then I managed to solve it! Then he say got prizethen I say waive my fees?:D then he said no): so I'm not charmingenough! Haha its fine I guess the entire 4 hours only got 8 of us plus4 at another table! Sorry I took so long to reply charles was playingwith my phone! Haha I hope you're enjoying yourself!
nite
Please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
Yo you around?
Haha ohh icic! Okay! (: should I cone online again??
My dear, i m going to lit... How are u? Add oil for your lecture!
I love u wifey!
Lmao! I at home la
You are still safe if got  <#> gb hahaha
s her no.?
Why Listen to others Songs when you can set yours ! Launching MY TUNES! Call  <#>  @2p/Sec & listen to UR favourite song when you call others. Call  <#>  now
Good Morning plz call me sir
Could you call at  <TIME> ?
Lols wat the?! Eh nxt time u schedule training program for me.Lighter weights!
maine suna ha tu parh raha ha
Kk bring her along 2moro!
Haha. Exceeded time limit. But happy it's over le
1baar ki baat hai hum sO rahe the, Bilkul aise(^_^) Phir mera phone baja hm uth gaye, bilkul aise(*_*) hmne fOn dekha to alarm tha timE dekh K meri ankhen or khul gayi, bilKul aise(O_O) Fir Fir Fir hmE yaaD aya ke aaj to Sunday he hm phir sO gaye, bilkul aise(^_^) HaV A gReAt SuNdAy..:-)
Got Currency
Where are you?
We will be at city hall at  <DECIMAL> .. :)
Sori i wasnt able to make it for ?r match... How was it? Good luck in advance for ?r other match on tue and the matches to come! ?
trudat
Yeap ok I just got your sms lol!
I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  <#>  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
Ok lor...dun need briing lappy then...
Wan go sundown marathon?
yeiyei still dunwan to sleep arh..
Hahaha ya lol at cine is it? Lol so you gonna replace your currentones eh. Tsk tsk.
Happy birthday!
Cause it's the best!
Serious jus put
How many pieces?  <#> ?
s at home...
Hahaha good^^ oh she's sleeping ah! If I let her sleep i'm niceright? Hehe:P okay:P or you want me to call you and chat until youreach home?
So what it meant? Why don't u tell.
Haha I ask him on the fone just now he say is project based.so its like we always do like tat meet talk talk.deliver then hopefully get money tat type.no nid work at his place 1.hahaha.
Ya ya..Super msg da
PaisaPay We have sent many paid emails today. Login to your account now and check them. Don't forget to participate in the offers if you are interested in them.
Hey gaks any one goin to vkj audi to watch music lits
Hv nth is beautiful if anything is nt gd nt ok!jz hope 1day he knw im nt crazy. Thts all!hw a ppl say me also nvm.
I msg he nvr reply yet. He when back
Now am free call me pa.
Ugh I have my millionth docs appointment today. I even had to go see a doc on vday :( my body doesn't like me very much
Otherwise..?
Then I thot he nv tell me.. haha.. u still not sleeping?juz bathe out?
Haha cos not going de lesser easier to type
Tell
Hahaha got things I wanna buy, but I wanna save also! Hahaha!!! Notreally ah! I just always hang out with her! Hahaha:P
Haha boring? U can watch ur chi lam show! My mum watching now lol...haha we keep ka jiao wq say he go phuket dun need bring money he canearn enuff there
Haha my text sounded angry so I wanted to fix it! Oh Connor...
Sorry stuck in jam ~.~
Heya it's wei qi here. I'm trying to arrange a meeting for our group.Are you free next mon after 6?
Yuquan asked if we still wan samc
Haha yes you arr crazy lol. Naruto so nice. Gaara zai.
Finished worked. on my way going back. very hungry and very tired leh. enjoy your dinner.
Home le dar
Orh! Roger! !
Hey... Gd luck k, a bit late la, but juz woke up... Hey so later eng at e same class room rite... Cya...
Haha nope sth else don't tell you! Haha just started:x!!!!!
Ü bot notes oredi... Cos i juz rem i got...
hey ger, hows ur hair?
Jeeeefff hurrryyy
Enjoy your nice trip ok. Bye! See you
Yeah not bad. Quite interesting.
Deal with it
Thks. Bin voyagw
Wow you back. Okay we meeting  <#> pm at loft today for checking into prepare the things.
I guess. I just gonna be passive from now on, old and I'm not gd atthis kind of things.
West raining?! Wtf
Oh wait don't need nvm thanks! Chester don't need his liao he lending me!
Dearest I just reached hm :-*
<
Yep
<#>
HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.
Haha okay nvm we are reaching. Stop staring at him lol.
Gdgd. Go take a rest. Then sleep early. Mugggggs
Hahaha coz he esp sensitive to pokes ah!
Haha :P taking batch photo so mafan! Yeap I'm so happy its over!Josephine is wearing weird stuff! Haha
It'll be dumb asking if people are having trouble with their internets via Twitter... But I'll do it anyway
ISN'T IT LONGER THAN 5 MINS LOR! OH HOHO FIRED
We're at the back of the canteen.
Omg i'm so so so sorry i'm still stuck here
Haha okay!! I sms wen:D meet at  <#>  in sch??
Dun have ya lol.... sorta bah lol... my marketing assignment tml.thenstart do lol... haha so sad T.T... but no matter wat u also sleep latede lah lol... aiya also not fat these kinda thing lol
Im At Home
Ok. See you then.
Heee. Call,call!
Oh ok.Cya tm then.
Can don't ans those parts below? Haha.
Eileen you sharing for the convocation bear? If yes then it'll be<DECIMAL> ...
4shared usually for non chinese songs. Baidu for chinese songs. Try4shared then if cannot find try baidu.
Haha... Ok ok, we all pon... Pink nt goin too...
Nvr bomb
Dear still meeting? We going MBs. U end le come over?
Like 7 plus I guess!
When u coming back
.-. Mike says wtf that's random (I asked him what it was ._.)
how old are you?
Sorry for your loss>< my condolences.
Oh okayy
Nothing, smsing u n xy lor. Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
I was paying my guitar, but my finger's hurt so I can't play quicklyor loudly.. then I was doing normal stuff like dishes and shit
Ya ccp and Wong came to find us
Ya should be
Not bad. You? Chest pain still?
yup, shld be. why?
Do you still have the grinder?
Verytired, going to sleep more.. See doc later.
Hi Tamisa, ok. Good luck with your visa issues.  See you on Friday at 1pm?
K yar.. Gud nt
Not sure. Tell u soon...
Wan go gym at clementi with sj me and yuanwei? At  <DECIMAL>
Okay sorry for e trouble. Haha.
HAHA HOLY CRAP THIS IS DAMN GOOD HAHAHA
Eh its the one at the gates right?
Do you has lab key/when issit opeing
Tinataniki veltunav kada
I'm on my way now, the bus was just being dumb. But it'll be like anhour if you wanna nap and I'll wake you up
Rmb bring hat
Yup... in front of CoolStation.
Nxt time then
Really meh!!! Later is it? XD haha ooo you met Hehao? cool!! Hahaha Iwas just smsing him! Ooo wow but what brand?  <#>  doesn't sound likescamera with good quality>< haha Hehao ask us change fb dp to the samething haha!
Okay... We are on the bus already...
With meals  <#> . Is galkissa very far.he asked u 2 speak <#> .he says, can arange another person.
Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
Sorry was busy... be here  <DECIMAL>  lol
s my dear? Had your chicken porridge?
Hhaha yeah. I think it's sch limitations too.
confirmation id  <#>Credit card authorization no T <#>
Haha. No need so formal lah. Okay. I've taken note but to find manychildren is abit difficult leh. We thought of starting in smallerscale first loh. But feel free to suggest to e rest too!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Yeah  <DECIMAL> pm will be the meeting time, but im sorry that Icouldnt make it today.
Abit. U saw !!! Hee. So yeiyei. Kissssss u
U r d oly one who cn gt univ frst..
SP <#>  CMD=REGISTER;ID=4;IMEI= <#> ;SIM= <#> ;MCC= <#> ;MNC= <#> ;
Come down
Who is this! What!
Hey YUI
I going at ard 3... Or u wan can meet me there lo...
Not meeting ricky today. Meet tomorrow evening 6pm. Most thingsscheduled.  Will talk to you tonnight.
Caw caw.. are you free anytime soon?
ve got 2 more lessons to test
Lol dots.y u sound like ang moh.wats up.hahahaha.just feel like disturbing u early in the morning.lol.hows ur sem?haha.
haha.. wake up le then went back to sleep since you sleeping also.=p
Lols yea use 2. Sianz 2moro art grading
VERILY
Oh no! Ok... Where else you wanna eat?
Because it raised awareness but no one acted on their new awareness, I guess
:'(
OH I THOUGHT YOU REFERRING TO WENBO. HAHAHA I HOPE HE'S STILL WEARING IT
Haha so sad right! No coz  <#>  is our no sch day during pea! Yeah Iwant to go with sophie!! Haha so late?? Haven't, he still talking!!Ohh no, I really cmi le become jelly! Cannot do training ): ):
U got ivan latest cell number?
If i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
Sorry for shouting.  It seemed like you were dumping all the blame onRamchander and me.. which I understand you weren't. Cheers! Do join meto meet Shouri in the evening.
Its k..this s ambrith
ok thanks!!!((:
So it’s summer, and you’re headed to the beach..will go ahead for pool:-D
hey tmr meet you outside lt at 745? Or i get a seat first?
Haha. Okay.
I rchd.
Ur exam when finish??
Yea. Reading manga Lo. U wan gym den eat not? Hostel food sux
Eh sorry to trouble u I overslept for the tut lol can tell me theanswer for the q1 mcq thanks
Go home safe! (:
Usually where u eat dinner when u go powerhse on sat?
Sorry, I'll call later
Ohh sandwich. On the mrt liao.
Hi Ms van! May I ask if you have a lighter we can borrow?
Haha u tie him how long
Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ll pass.U sleepin?Ok... :(i guess ur tired huh?
hey! u free 2day?
Nope.
Ok. GooD girl! :-)  hee. Eof.
U
Wanna eat dinner together to9?
m reachin in 5 mins...
Hey Shyam.. Nishanth here. Am home and settled. Got your itouch..Drop by when you are free!
Hahaha nope bah. I cant apply for those.
mere pata hain?
"Sweet" sa time dekhkr, apne "Sweet" se apno ki yad aai to socha ki"Sweet" sa sms kardu taki hamara "Sweet" sa "Relation" thoda or"Sweet" ho jaye:)§den§,tk
U had ur dinner already? She just wont believe wat i said, haiz..
Ya OK. Can you do a pre test and have a poa?It'll save a lot of timeif we are in control
Heiya i go offline liao. Nites!!
Its 1 am
But i dint slept in afternoon.
Haha whee! Yeah maybe x.x stress in hostel! Hahaha now chem maj,later chem hons then Chinese!
Oh. Again. Wow. U lik very guai tis fw wks.
Pathan asked teacherif black is a color & white is also a color den y black & white t.v is not a color t.vteacher shockedpathan rocked:p :D :) ;) B-) :x
LG so happy also frost. Go rest. Kiss u. Miss u le
Lol tmr get! Yupp i told her already!
Ok. Wait for me then
Office is closed for the day sa
So I can take the survey and donate my smses now?
Lol
s y... Okie, cya... Nitez...
Bring a ground sheet. Those we bought at china town or the blue/yellow sheet at home.
5 more min
Sry... wanted to tidy it up today but .. er.. I'll see what I can dowhen I get home tmr morning..
Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
May the noor of this month illuminate ur heart, mind and soul n mayall ur duas be answered. Remember me in your prayers. EID MUBARAK
Yr lcd monitrs ka mje ni pta. Aur  <#> , <#>  tk ka p4 aa jata hai.
Hi. Found the freezing agent. it is ammonia. Also available is CF3CH@F or known as HFC134a.
Yeah xP
Haha okay^^ heehee yeah I know it very well le! Haha!! But go kyoto leh!
Why haven't u called?
Keb keregi?
s coming from east west line so i think easier for her cos she dunno how to get to nel line... Haha...
K..:-)
TV room sorry
Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
Name?
Hahaha. Ook.  Thanks for the offer! So we pay I back another time? Orneed to pay to daniel
Oh no. :(( I'm really sorry for your cramps. They're awful
Hahaha! That would be v awesome (: (: hahaha really? Cool! (: (: buti'm not awesome lah :P i'm just about to bathe! Whoa what's up withthe uncle!
<#>
Okay thanks. Free go run in sch liao. My last sem leh. Haha.
Yeah you have to see it to know;)) whachudoin?
go jogging today?
i cannot check outside. later i'll check. u sent to  <EMAIL>  ?
Hey can help me see my car number when ü reach? I might be a little late
Ok coming now.
Anjappar
Tis wk end lo. Ü wan me to crash ür sch-may crash tis wk.hee-
Like what?
S
Inole
But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
Okay.
Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
Oh... I can take a bus there! 103 right?
Bout 5 at nus. Can try earlier. U le?
Lol phone operators deyyyy
Awesome :-) keep it with you.. will find a way to collect it.
Haha>< -hugs- thanks really>< I didn't want you to worry de, justwanted to hear your voice, so I called, but dunno why cannot control><thanks and goodnight!!
Why don't you wait 'til at least wednesday to see if you get your .
Ok wad u doing
Lol sob sob sob... just bath finish so shiok! Not sleeping yet? I totu tired lol.. haha then liddat u will have less time for ur nap
Yup. Works
Ok fine carry on
Lol... well... maybe will earn bonus marks for unconventionality
Okk find u in morning I slpin at discussion rm 2
Yeap!
reached liao
How? I don't get to talk. U know how much I like to yap.
Hello! Your Unique Porting Code is VL <#> . This code will be used as an reference during porting and will be valid till  <DATE>  <#>   <TIME> : <#>  PM.
Ok
Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break
Aww lame! We'll persevere. I'm still looking at the same French song
Thank you my dear friend..so sweet of you ! Have a good year ahead!
Lol u not buying then.dun buy lol... u go tamp just to buy koi andthe disc arh lol... need me help u go take?
Yup. Rraching clemeti station soon
Lunchy?
Failed?
No lo.. Work for whole week then sat rest. Sunday then go out lo..hehe.. Not like ü nv work one.. Hehe..
You will be in the place of that man
If u gt no more changes then I submit it..
Yes when is the appt again?
Guys,Did yu plan abt our get together ..?
Good lord what I'm moving around in the NYGH compound (for the first time to boot)
ll be going at ard 6... Tell me where ü all eating when ü all haf decided...
Hahaha still manageable I guess. I stayed up until 2am just forsettling the teeshirts.
where are you? will you meet me?
Emo pic can't see clear when mms. Send Joel phone?
s e same instructor but diff car only... Kk, cya after lesson...
K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
me too.
u ok? wan me to come over now?
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPR CD is  <#> . Chn is  <#> . WPB is 7.
With who?
Post!
Oh okkk sry was asleep just now... how much u gonna bid for it?
they cry? Finally they left me? Will u leave 2? I hope not. Really hope so.
Ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..Iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. If ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. Plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)B-)
Hmm.. ok lor.
m quitin nxt wk, haha, wana take a break liao...
She's okay
Yup sure!
Yeah xP sup?
U wana mt later? I mt u smwhere near la.She yest wif her bf so i doubt she wantd to mt lo.Nvm la.
Mai full day ki training me hu. Evng me bt krte hai.
KBCQ B
Yea. Daddy left?
Ye but running, not kayaking
Soon lol. At science liao. U there already ah?
I am late. I will be there at
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I'll call you later old lady
Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
Waa the show dam aggro
It is only yesterday true true.
Today? If anything it'll be after  <#> h
Haha eee yogurts. Lol btw I off class le.
Your teachings are wonderful: I obey them with all my heart. In my desire for your commands i pant with open mouth. Turn to me and have mercy on me as you do on all those who love you. As you have promised, keep me from falling; Dont let me be overcome by evil. Psalm  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day :-)
Haha done.
Every pinky we make, doesnt mean anything~
Can shift the meeting to 4pm?
V fun one!
ok! come find u now!
HSR is the popular estate company
s diff to get in...Me in nus sci lor...
Eh sorry I tink I cannot go for the project review I am having a baddiarrhea... please update me after that sorry
Dear friend have you got routine of our exam?
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
Cuz i wake up take them for brisk walk...Then miss breakfast...N after walkin i slp in office.Then missed lunch.Hehehe.U got lunch?
Have a nice day
Hmmm that's on the list but post rains, yes.
Eh thiink nvm, cause I going sch soon.
Chou Chou reached where le?
Huh really?? :/ I thought you used LAN?
Lol ok lo short one we finalize on doing bachelor program and theinterview qn...  not enuff sleep for the past few day lah lol... uhaven reply me about ba Wang lol...sick still wanna go run tsk tsktsk
Haha yeah): haha yay!! Um i'm the chaperone so I just take peopledown to vote(:
Wawa... Noe u gona kill me...:( I recorded e wrong channel... Did u ask ur fren to backup?
Ok set!!!!
s in front o me now e butch is cute mah so when i see i remember mah...
Gf lor, I presume.
Lols wat the?! Eh nxt time u schedule training program for me.Lighter weights!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Hahas anw hope ya like it. I go slp le
good good. go bathe then rest abit, then go do ur dong dong.. slp early today!
R u luvng ur x evn nw?
Eating
m jeff 22 chi.ü?where ü from?
ll b at e booth there at abt 130...
Lol! Wat hmwk do u have? Not a lot wad
I am leo.
good bye
Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
Ye msg forward kiya to pura sal accha jayega. "OM SAI NATH"Ye jaikara SIRDI se chala hai,ise  <#>  logo ko bheje except me,5 din me life me kuch lucky hoga.
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
m amazed u remembered that i like those kind. Thanx.
It's in tag teams ma lol
Duck rice. Think about  <#>  episodes per season. I got two seasons.Anxious..?
Hi sree, this's gary from your biz law class here. How's the assignment?
m biddin all my maths and computin modules first...
Hey billy! Did yuquan tell u bout the samc? Are u doing with us? Nidto sign up soon
Hey i found SR3 .! block S 2 level 2 -05
Ah ok.I will try not to be late.but abit difficult now at redhill onli.
Haha nono coz i'm going out in awhile haha omg I think i'm quite anticom leh I was slacking the whole day without using my com for morethan two hours! Haha I think we will x.x
Ok! Make wet wet just for u heehee
Haha np np (: yeap! Dun need bah! Hahaha pig!!!! Where are you now:P
I also want go but wah fuuu the essay and now i got so much shit to do.
I'm taking derek & taylor to walmart, if I'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and I'll text you when priscilla's ready
Aight, call me once you're close
LOL FORTY BUCKS AND I SPELT FORTY WRONGLY LOL
Another interview at 1 today. I better get one of these jobs.
Wow haha he gave you pocky! I got alot of snacks from shichan haha! Okay (: (:
Lol why?!
0k
Lol not out yet eh
s looking for company too...
F'shoman! I'll be at the thang anyway
Oh we not submitting plan today. Jus gonna sign up 1st. Cus I not athostel and Joel can't do alone :\
den i must be the onli one flooding your with smses...
Soon after lunch
That's not so strange lol. Just because you're unnecessarily hostiletowards any notion of religion.. =P
Pick up some beer on your way back. ;)
Shld be there in 15 mins. In cab now...
Yea. How bout weds? When u free
7! But cally not eating.
Haha nice! He saw? Oh what haha maybe coz I not wearing sch u thendidn't really notice bah! LOL. hmm. a girl's body temp is usuallyhigher during her period ah.
Haha I know david will be there because he got the keys. The rest imnot sure le.
Ü driving there tmr...
Yay okay^^ haha my friends were like "aiyo who else?" When I wascalling you haha x.x!!!
enrollment check ki ha tune?udar to bohat yakki ki hoi ha
Haha.. I think so too... Why not we go photoshooting Tml? Ask scar and carol?
Me 2 male! No gals around?
I was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
So basically you wanna break up C clusters by inserting schwa. Youshould look at the he direction and when stuff is inserted. So youshould have no more than cc clusters. It also doesn't like wordinitial cc, so break that up
How much is torch in 9ja.
Haha okie hao de good night!
Orh! Hee jia yoilu darling! Xoxo
NOEL:WHAT DO YOU MEAN?I DONT UNDERSTAND.
Lol whack you. I want your poly de.
Wake me up at  <#>  am morning:)
t cry
No class 2day
Okie then.. Cya!
Hey welcome back! :-)  sure can catch up..
<Kajaa  <#>  >
Haha yea I will really look forward to coming back and seeing youthen! Haha I dun want to rush anything haha really, we agreed to takethings slowly le what! Haha I dunno my dad sounds very pissed! Yup Icomplete 3/4 of the tutorial le! Sorry I decided not to turn on my comcoz the table no space!
ok i.m getting ready...
d look really cute.Hehehe.
Will call u soon
ur name? ur real name JORDAN?
The Arabic thing is good for you though, huh?
I'm staying late today
Haha. Good leh. Good luck for appealing.
History and location of the process? like where it takes place?
m not at home now dun haf notes with me. Tell u when i get home.
Haha YOU'RE LATE. Hahaha I dun really give my parents any pressure onthe houses they buy hehe! Hahaha good good (: hmm I think ok lah, canreply! Still inside the hall in ocs, haven't move yet! They playingparty rock anthem, Hehao should be here!
Cos we're brethren haha
Nope. Never even heard of it!
Machan. Can't make it.. slight crisis. Please go ahead without me.
No
Haha. That's good to hear. Off work already? I'm fine too.  Just beenthinking a bit about the apple juice incident,  and I want toapologise to u for I think I wasn't really a good listener that day..
Which floor ar? I forget. I reaching in  <#> mins.
You are right though. I can't give you the space you want and need. This is really starting to become an issue. I was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. But maybe you are ready and should do it now.
Have you always been saying welp?
Stay until dinner time lor...
Enaku saree la paakanum!
Ok
Orh!!!!! Next week lg plan nice outing for us. Hee
Haha morning!!!(: what time are you waking up today?
May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
Failed?
Haha maybe! Haha good to hear! Ok ok (: i'm waiting for my grandma tocome out!
The email frm Clifton soh got say
I saw e spaceship again! Oh! Is that???
Nvr mind la. Just ignore my stupid sugestion, ok. I only know of yr country via wtchg phua chu kang in msia.
Yar abid se bol wo presentatins wala page ka pta kre..wo chahia hai lazmi
But i jan got one more subject.cos takin a module durin holi.
Sardar apni Billi se tang aakar use dur chod aaya. Ghar aaya to billi vapas aa gai thi Vo dusari bar chod aya billi phir vapas aa gai 3rd time vo use bahut dur chod aaya, Vapas raste me usne apni biwi ko phone kiya:Kya Billi ghar aa gai? Biwi:Yes Sardar: Us kamini ko bhej yaha, main rasta bhul gaya hu.
Ayya, are you going to come today :(
<#> , I'am surprised no one has noticed the uniqueness in this date  <#> . forward this as fast as possible.!
Ya we are communicating now. Most prob next wk we la kopi aft your work on a weekday. Wan to sing ktv wait till wk aft if u all don mind
He got party at hm cmi
Here
Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
Wat buses go to ur sch frm amk huh...
Ooh u slept in huh. Make those tips! We got lotto tickets to buy!
Where are you all?
m online i help you check? Whats your user id and password
Lol I knew it! U cancelled wrongly lah that one is  <#>  match Tue dethat  <DECIMAL>  to 6 ! That one is I told u not much slot left lesign up for Tue de slot u say ok de!
t see the saints exorcise the devils
m coming.. damn cdrw dive.
Just left school. Very busy day so couldn't leave earlier.  Pleasestart first.
U leave ur sis alone at e salon? So wat time u meeting ur friend?
In class, I'll call you back soon
dun mention it... i will tell u the meeting time when i settle the stuffs k... wait for my msg
good afternoon,my dear friend!how have ü been?
Hapy diwali
Yea received. Resend him?
Where izzit? No swimming though!
Hmm okay. So how?
Ya :-(:-(
give my regards to everyone at home..
Ya lor, leave so early... Haven take picture w u yet...
I love you too momma
ahhh that would be good as well!!
Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
Lol okay.
Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
W
Tu aa nai rahi?
Shall i come to get pickle
sarrr gaya...tu phir sari raat kya kia ha
Just now it was heavy. Now stopped le. :-(
1/6. Lols we jus took module
Yup next stop.
Toil so
Haha I'm so psychic again! I replied to your last sms saying nights haha! Yo!
Plz Wake up early tmrw.. Hv to reach at gr0und til 7
Yeah =/ fucking pricks -.-
How are you
Uhh 2 or 3 yes. Inventory check?
..!..
Dun tink so
Lmao you know me so well...
Lol.eh I just feel like getting it becos it seems to be a cheaper alternative la.haha.compared to Canon n nikon.
Hey what's the alphabet on your student id?
Vishesh has flash project.. he'll contact you..
SMSCASTLE ENGLAND WON 5th TEST BY AN INNINGS &  <#>  RUNS TO WIN THE ASHES SERIES  <#>  ENG  <#>  AUS  <#>  &  <#>  Smith- <#> * Anderson-3/ <#>  Cook(MoM & MoS)
S <#>
No did you check? I got his detailed message now
Mayb... Taste lk coke... Wa, u noe all e drinks ah...
Yeah just finished with the teeshirts. Gosh.
K set den I reach clementi at 4!
FROM TAIWAN HAHAHA
Anna v at kottawa.Is Kirulapana just after kottawa? *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Yupz... Can...
Oh the part whereby xy added the changing of price from sellerperspective is at my side. He shld be doing it at your side though.Maybe tml when we meet then tell him bah.
Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
Haiyoh... Maybe your hamster was jealous of million
I mean if people pulling gates and opening gates with sticks arerecorded down,then you will too what.
Help me bring out e bag of clothes behind my door... I wan to change...
Hi Sue, has Desmond reverted to you about either issue?  Thanks! :-)
Sorry again for the cancellation.   I know Philip made a specialeffort to come today.  I hope he will feel that Bac's work is ontrack.  Can you send the email report later?
No meh. Still got another batch
thank you thank you! anyway can just give my email and mobile.. anyone who knows me knows that i usually don't go on msn..
Lol great now im getting hungry.
I got your forms.  Thanks.  I'm heading out for the day.  And willhave to submit the IRB tomorrow.
At home...
Thank god they are in bed!
Happy birthday! :D Have lots of fun! :-)
Nvm. I anyhow do one and submit to kajanan first. See what he says.Haha. Seriously, i've no idea even after reading the link. Basically,this mod sucks. Haha.
Nopes
s in e laundry box liao... I wash now la, see can get it by tonight... Why u wanna wear jeans?
Yo! Just left cck le! Call me when you reach bb? Haha:P oh and pleasedon't be shocked at what I wore today haha x.x
LOL THEY HAVE FOR DAMN LONG ALREADY LEH AND I DIDN'T GET
how many modules are u registering? how many day week u planning?
Hahaha true true!! Ahh why dun we just split and do our parts by wed,then we compile on wed and see if we missed anyth out, and finish ourschedule! Then email Dr Willy?
ok
Van here. We dont kniw where to go and what to do leh. Any idea?
Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
Rajnikanth's All-Time Best : 1. Rajnikant once wrote his autobiography... Today dat book is known as.., . . "Guiness book of world record" 2. NEWLY APPROVED SYMBOL OF RUPEE IS ACTUALLY . . . . . . RAJNIKANTH'S SIGNATURE...!! 3. One nyt, while asleep, rajnikant ws mumbling some random numbers... . . . Thats how d Log table got generated... 4. RAJINIKANTH once had a bet wid superman. . . . . . . The loser had to wear his chaddi outside... 5. Once Rajnikant taught a kid how to enter a house widout ringing d door bell.... . . . . . That person is now called CID inspector DAYA.. 5. Rajnikant participated in  <#>  mts race and obviously he came 1st . . But EINSTIEN died after watching that . . . . . . . . . . LIGHT came second . ! ! 6. Boy 1: Dude I've got Rajnikanth's movies. Do you want ??? Boy 2: Oh no dude.! I dnt have that much graphics card in my computer. :-D :-P ;-) :-D
Ricky, can you call me when you are free?  I need to tell you theglass measurement, and find out about the timing foe the glassmeasurement and the parquet and marble polishing.  Thanks.
Alight at b <#>  Gloria mansion. Muacks
He gave ans?
Thats just stupid if u ask in the context of a jap lesson. So muchabt being a context language.
Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
I still don't really know yet but i'll pop by if i can :D
Darling i meet u at ur place? Den i bring the mooncake for u k hee
hello everyone... just a reminder that we meeting tml at 1230pm at orchard mrt...cya tml...
2 computers or laptop? Many ways, infra, link e 2 computers.... What u wan 2 do?
<DECIMAL>
Yeiyei...我还要抱抱！ hee. Take a GD rest . I still waiting for bus.
I sent via whatsapp liao.
T shirt*
K cya.
Yeah but I still got camp to settle
我有回来吃
V r along wattala now
Lol and me ;)
Alcohol add hbr and heat get wad
Kk Joel say can go his hse
how life ?
Tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
Chou baobei. Gooooooood morning!:*:* hugs u tightly in ur dream.hee
Press the num lock button beside F <#>
Haha I thought u don't go track? Anyway up to u, just do morepractice if u can k? I see u the week after next then.
Psle olvl cert, bank book, ic
Hi... remember me? i applied for NIE n they asked me to go for interview liao... how now ah? very nervous......
I'm fine with tues afternoon.
Which pic
OH GOOD HAHA SORRY!!!! YES I AM DILLON SO SMART STUDY FROM MCMURRY
Come out of ur rum
What time mas?
When is ur free time tmr? I nid my lab coat tmr..
Probably will make my way to av after that.
Anna wil u come 2 church 2dy? *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Kk
Hi Ziheng, I may b abt  <#>  mins late.
Dude I just seen some of the soccer game Crvena Zvezda and Partizan I never thought I would see them play again, haha cao
Dunno leh... Mayb u put some money at e letter box... I got no key oso...
Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
How? Rref ar
Happy  <#> st birthday, felicia. :-)
Then you wanna hang out with me somewhere else? Like do other things? When are you free?
We left already we at orchard now.
?? Elaborate
1 I don't have her number and 2 its gonna be a massive pain in the ass and i'd rather not get involved if that's possible
Nvm
ve finished the formatting...
Will do. Have a good day
Oh,then maybe after yr exams.Cos im on leave tml,then going to apply SAT at RELC.I promised myself not to meet any gals till i lose some weight. Bit fat liao...
Hey Roy ask if u wan play bball nxt week?
See you! :-D
S <#>
Stupid.its not possible
Next generation LKG poem..:-D Drinking Drinkng little BEER..%-) How i wonder what a BAR.. Quarter rates r up so HIGH.. Drink a peg with chicken Fry.. Gud eve:)
Lol i skip ze dinner
LOL IT'S OKAY HAHAHA THANKS!
m oso stress,  been havin tests for e last 3 weeks,  next week still got test. Ok, hope we can go ya?
M still in metro. Will reach by  <DECIMAL>  . Good Morning.
Haha I still have next year!!!D: haha oh icic I dun feel like going haha._.
Ya come down
Me nai aa paunga..  <#>  bje tak aa paunga kuch kam he urgent
Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
You eating with daddy at home ah?
Haha yeap you spelt it wrong alot:P haha I didn't say at the start lenot bullying you! Yeah haha I also not close to anyone else in mycluster haha:P go home and slack:P I dunno why feel very tired): maybecoz of ytd! But I woke up naturally leh!
Paiseh didn't check my phone... what is it?
Ah damn ya hahahah
Then ü come n pick me at 530 ar?
Thanks Hon! I love you!
Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
hi how are you?
U there already? Lol
Same 2u
I hate my mother
Honey boo I'm missing u.
You still coming tonight?
t need to reply.
That's possible. I wont mind actually eh.
m going to get drenched...at science now....
It is nothing. I also very happy. see your face so sweet.
Nope your beloved waiting for you. =D
Haha^^ okay! Haha you wanna play? Idm! But I going out to book theaccommodation for my holiday, dunno what time coming home! Haha ohwells! Shall tell him to catch up to our level!! Haha you better nottoo! It's okay it's okay! Tired must sleep!!
Nah not really, we will have no such problems if its just us. I flareup chiefly because this is like the time where they tell pk to task usto do the jig.
Ok lets set it 7pm? We start this friday?
Wow maybe! Oh dear I fell asleep! Eh haha I wanted to type omg!Gastric??? Eat something!!!
Orh ok.u let mi noe time and place again.
Arghh... I fail my evaluation again... Got 6 mistakes tis time...
Oic. Well, i'm stating a fact. Haha.
IMPORTANT NEWS 4 U: MY 'HEART' 4SALE  <#> % discount Plz inform to all ur Female-Frnds( <#> yrs) Last date: ' <#> th Feb  <#> 'BOOKING OPEN..;-)
Daaaamn really?
Ami 2r sthe r thakte parchi na.plz leave me
Are you angry with me:o
Its k da..
U when free lols
Yo... are u in the LT ?
Lol the electricity saving show??
Hmmm next week I can only meet at six though. Perhaps you three meet up?
Mon I wanna go sentosa play volleyball sia
Ohh! Mine is my parents one!
i used to have a job. i got paid every month. in addition, accomdation and food are provided for. but lately, i got retrenched. im jobless now.........
Could you help me inform your mum, including tml 3hrs session, itwill be  <DECIMAL> hours in all.
Good good, was going to ask u abt ur Med. I go drink water also. :)
i knw dat ur n tensn,,stll U shd hv gvn me a cl,amio tensn e achi shonai..ny wa..u tkcr.evrytng wl b fine..
Ok thks :)
My dear,now i m in engin canteen eating
Did you wanna hang out tomorrow?
Kaha he
Why tired what special there you had
Haha ooo okay o.o haha how surprising can it be!! Haha not me!! Yoursis!!! Haha I think he was, but I fell asleep so I didn't go down!
U reached where already?
LOL OMG I NEVER FALL ASLEEP BEFORE
Kothi print out marandratha.
Many thanks.
Ok!! Hee love u!
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
Who r u
Haha. No one pick up the phone when i called to make reservation butno worries, we'll still meet at 6pm and walk over. Warn u all firsthor, the place no air con de. Haha.
Dun sad la... Treat as cool off period lor...
Didnt*
Gettin rdy to ship comp
Aight what time you want me to come up?
Use the src one lor
s at 1245... Ok ok, go together...
Nvm buying le
Laopo!laogong gd boy eat medine le. Muacks
Yo! Wanna check answers for  <#>  assignment? 1. 6,  <#> , -9.    3.{ <#> ,6, <#> ,8,5},  <#> , 1
Ya lo. Meet for lunch ar
K..rmb bring ur phone...haha....i need it...lolz..
yesterday was better than i expected. if dun count  those'interesting' events n ur irritating nephews, most of them still quitefriendly ..
Eh call us immediately after ur lesson.
Who cares? U wanna quit anyway.
Oops I mean the start up screen where the fujitsu logo pops up.
At nuh then jam lol.I just meet u all there ba.
Cant find ppl in such short notice also.
I in sch le. U lost ur form?
i am going home
Eh i knowright
Huh?...so funny...i alr purchase fileserve service already...then watif i dun top up my paypal acc?...they suck thumb?..
Yup i know. How abt those pallets that are not open?
Nvr lols. Watched movie and slept and eat cake
Ask asking loh. Ya like not many ppl bid.
Sleeping nt feeling well
Lol nice. Yeah I'm there liao. At the food court lol.
That's scary..
may the coming year  <#>  be the best for you.
If you can edit the picture here nd there and make it your own, andcan bluff through the advisor, it's good enough le.
Revision. The 4 passages you all learn are tested for exams also what the.
Okay!
Ah the relc building! Lol
ARE YOU IN TOWN? THIS IS V. IMPORTANT
khush nahi fir b sabko khush rakhta hu. laparwah hu fir b sabki parwah karta hu. malum hai koi mol nahi rishto ka. isliye apne DOSTO ko anmol samajhta hu..
Lol ok... omg I wanna vomit blood taking to that bang.rui sia...later I finish call u
I checking for u rite now.
I went downstairs to hand up my form,sorry.
Theni kara pona
U go u r wel qualifyd to do tat darln
Happy birthday bro! I love ya! =D =D
U hav d invocie rite.giv them a cl and chk f they r submitin today
Yea say manz
No lo they put in the email  <DECIMAL>  in town... siao sia I latergo email tell them I.not free...
Ha dekha maine. Wed ko  <#>  bje tk aa jana.
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
my group is wearing.. r u the last grp for tmr?
Otherwise...
Which girl I like
Sat go put tings sun go stay! Mayb later I call shaohao
Haha! Still in chinese lor sad face! hahaha icic! Mr sun let uschoose from 4 colours, then the remaining two give his later classheehee!-sticks out tongue-Nobel better!
Thanks alot mr tan.
We will be at lt <#>  at  <#> pm. Otherwise blk <#>   <#> . You comeover to loft first eh.
Macha just could you let me know if thwre are any temples near kanjirapally where people do the kettunirakkal for shabarimala.pls call me we will talk
Tat time u say ic engine got one biodiesel link rite?...where is itar?...i cant seem to find it...
Us? Who is the us?
Did u ask zhu abt the henry thingy? So we going on thurs?
Oooh la la can't wait to see it!
s e road name of ur house?
Sagittarius ? will date a few people at once
* DND
Will you come to xiaoyao home? or u want me to collect your medicine?
Near ur home
Except theres a chick with huge boobs.
Got check ivle? Presentations at tr5(com1  <#> ).:-)
I didn't add raw noodles =P
Like 7 plus I guess!
Nhsbe <#>  4
<#>   <#>
I ended now can pass u.
Why de. You looking good only:-)..
i miss you <3 shall I come pick you up today from work? :-D
You have come into my life and brought the sun ..Shiny down on me, warming my heart. Putting a constant smile on my face ... Making me feel loved and cared for
Morning eh.
Babe, I need your advice
Then there is servisol freeze it  <#>  or Perfects freeze spray
WHORE YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE.
Haha yuhan is smart. I don't want to do chinese le can I just don'thand up:/ still got 3 zuowen and 2 jianbao:/ chibi is tired ofchinese):
Wah lol I 9 plus leh.
Ps nxt time na. Jus go train lo!
s blue not pink.
Yeah exactly, like that's when lung becomes bs humanities
jeevan pooyalum njan varuulla.sathyam asathyam...asathyam
Sorry, I'll call later
Yeahhh. Lots of things to pack up?
Haha okay. I just got a few days of rest, thot I make use of them.
Very goot! I love you and I'll talk to you later!
I'm now but have to wait till 2 for the bus to pick me.
I came back ytd.
Ok, gautham, andre talked to me and I do agree that I am at fault forflaring up. I handled this wrongly. I have many considerations in mindwhen I hear abt the 'solution'. I think we shld discuss what shld bedone asap. Tml ok for u?
I think nvm dun need change! Unless you want to eat??
James: Hi everybody
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;Anto.bro;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Frm pulling gate? I survived art :D
See you later!
Whch msg u sent just n0w?
Tell me:)
Maybe.. I don't know.. but maybe I can Basso and you can call and wake me =)
Ok. I call ur house later.
Hi all, we are meeting at 9 in pgp then. Do join if you can. Rameesplease confirm.
Haha just joking lah dun need buy anything for me... wa so good to meT.T... but I wanna watch sob sob sob
Yeap but all mine!! :P so selfish though:P haha no no too fat!
B4 dat i need c talk wid u....
??????????????
wanna meet to go study??
No probl... Maybe next time when u r free =5
K  de.
Haha ooo but I dunno her ah, maybe I go find toh       haha. Dr Li help setquestions so what? its how its taught that matters what haha. Err theydid their chem revision anyway. Then randomly crap for the notes hahax.x oh omg stalker! never say hi hahaha!
Hi Andy, Sry I just got back from Malaysia. Names are: <name> <#> D,<name> S <#> Z.
Still need to eat ah. If not i poke u
Hi.
Cineleisure.
Hey weiyi... R u goin back to sch to collect cert tmr... Can i meet u to get  my pouch...
Hjfjfkaiakajjjjfhhrjajaahahdhcjggkgkjdhsbaahajaixoco that explainseverything!!!!!!! I'm going to class my loff. I have a voice lessonright after, so I shall text you after that! So much love
Haha aww. You need to wait for next tuesday le lol
Aiya, u dun thk until so bad ma... U work hard now still can wan lor... Study w ur frenz la... Muz jia you k!
Hmm. Dunno yet. U drink wat
I will be there at 5..
Sonai lt me tl u onethng..sobai chai j tadr hsbnd ba wife sundor hok,tadr jeno sobai valo bole..bt sundor na howa obdi dcide na krte para j taR sthe thkbe kina,is it lv??2i 2 dcide i krte paris na whetr u lv me r nt.
ll have to pay
Zindgi to sabi k liye wahi rangeen kitab hai... Fark bas itna hai ki Kisi ne har panne ko dil se padha aur kisi ne bas panne palat liye!:-)
And the website too! I ll have a look and revert in a day or 2
Yah... Haha i dunno... I got no time to eat liao. I hope i wont be late... I dunno! He bleached my hair leh. Is it very very very bad?
No probably not today, and okay I love you!
Is it? Haiyoh. Which one ü getting?
Nope eh. I busyyuu
I dont know. Depending how much you can absorb.
Ok... tanah merah mrt control station, 11am k?
Just finished eating. Got u a plate. NOT leftovers this time.
Ps. Yea mayb later do pyramid
Hahaha then how do you wake up!!! Omg hahaha so far!! Where did yougo in orchard!! I went h&m on Saturday:D
Fineeeeee bless you!!!!
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
is she alone or with frens?
eh she gave back the test papers ah. ?
Tell me.
anyway it looks like steffi's or hebin's
LOL AWESOME WHY HE SO WULIAO HAHAHA OKAY OUCH THAT IS PAINFUL I HOPETHERE IS NO HOPE IN YOUR FOOT RIGHT NOW
Nope, I didn't, but I'll make it to Friday and it should arrive then for sure
Waiyo holland v leh. Haha.
Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams & Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night & sweet dreams
Haha eating with who?
Jabki Mere mind me kuch tha hi nai aur tu opossite soch leti hai.
Lotsa food n tidbits!
I told na i vil tel u d idea.
Hey, I didn't get it yet.. and I don't want to shift now even if Iget.. its too painful..  sorry!
what time u all gg out?
Alvin chia
I calling him in e afternoon.
I think i saw breeding tanks there. Ohh good lor. I am not sure,icant find the right family name for the fish.
Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
Was playng 9 doors game and gt racing on phone lol
JAMES: How r u 2day R u keen in music n art I used 2B an artist What about u
When should I come over?
Linux disk.
Lol woah that make sense haha you have neck pain so fast?
Nope, not available (art club)
So no messages. Had food?
Ya.. about that time..
You gotta live like we're dying ~
<#>
Yo you woke up mah?
K u study 'l talk then
RANDOM  <#>  GUYS BUT THEY ARE OK AND THEY HAVEN'T REPLY ME
Hahas Okok!
should be can.. provided i get up on time..heehee.. by the way, mass or indivdual one ah?
Yo dude can you leave the door unlocked when you leave? I forgot my keys again
oo.. kk  i go check. thanks!
Nvm. I will wait for ü here
Where u all
Y u no warm up?! Then how? Still going?
Script check is during end of the month.
Apply leave email who ar
Nope
Thanks ah. Jason not in singapore already.
Cant believe you are so smart like me. Al viswas halful kaima
Oh oh. It's raining soon le.
The tomyam and curry is one of the cheapest food in town le. Haha
Okok i hold on to it lah :)
Ok
K..cts test easy?
Heading back now, will take about  <#>  mins
Laopo reporting to China boy! Hee. Reacched home safe n sound
Hahaha nice!! You are 2 marks higher than me I think! What a hacker hahaha!
Btw, are you in Detroit?
Haha okay! Hahaha next time get old Nokia phone play! Haha I gotoffered to take nus bio module!!!!!!!! How how I want hahaha I cannotsleep le):
gggy tyt
Bhai jawab to de.. Bura mat maan yaar
I outside sr1. Muuacks
aiya! <name> happy belated bday! :p. 虽然迟了一天，但带来多一天的祝福， 愿你事事顺利！：)
Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card!
Yup happy birthday old bitch :)
She knows you're my sis?
m so sian of workin alone... Gee,feel lk workin w fren...
get ready to moan and scream :)
Thanks man! :-)  good luck for your exams
okay I think better book earlier cos public holz next day sure a lotof ppl go.
Nthng lik dat. U may go 4 sleep...
You on your way?
I heard that! So awesome.
U outside?
I'll let
Haha even if I want also no time to read. Wah damn rubbish lah nowthen tell us.
t worry abt me. Just feeling lousy. Will be fine. I miss you. From your cry baby... ?
Hahahahaha noo you can tie right! Tie for me instead:D haha I think Iknow where your class is! Hmm haha he could've dropped my bro off atthe zebra crossing! Haha sleep now also HAHA.
Yo, just reached my buddy's house! Its the traditional kind, quitesqueezy! her parents are v nice! They gave me alot of snacks! Ok goingto bathe now, bye bye!
Haha must be you lazy to walk.
Lol.cs5 is like 6gb.how to pass u sia.
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Before 3. Earlier the better ofcourse.. but then I can adjust even ifyou aren't here for a day. But let me know in advance.
s ur bd... Ya, i went out w her but i only realized on e day itself lor, felt bad abt it...
Modem
Oh yeaa!
Lol thanks man. Same to you!
I took wrong mrt la...
Okay. Noted.
<3
Den maybe ard 5 plus. So may hv to stay at ur place for a while to 6pm k.
Lol tell me when it's a national competition.
Watchu doing now
no. eh. 1 queue entity only. when u end?
Cannot reach him:/ haha hmm? Go find her! I think she's free now!
orh!baobei u at which part of the train?
That's what I love to hear :V see you sundayish, then
today was a very bad day today :-9
Anytime!
Ooo I didn't see that reply! Anyway, nia ask if you got extra tie tolend her! (:
Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
Okay!
Dai
Haha v weird leh! Ah but if you all are eating then I settle lunch by myself!
got voucher. so not that bad
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
Still watching plays, ends by  <#>
Will check. Heard but not confirmed that she is in a Boston hospital.
Haha... True la, spore got nothin to do one....thk u will end up watchin movie...
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Sorry i accidentally deleted your sister and your ic and names. Pls msg me again. Anyway my mum ask wat time go airport
kardi ha mail
On train le bblp
I vil b in hostel
Hip hip howrah
Like board to work poster on?
U all catch already eating??
No lah I see the lift go up  <#>  floor wif full load when I amwaiting lah.... I inside I tink I go crazy lo lol...
U still got work at outback?
A cute thought for friendship: "Its not necessary to share every secret with ur close Frnd, but watever u shared should be true"....
N
Nitez imma sleeping too
Lunch?
ll reach ard wat time....
Wanna join me? :)
Han pata hi ni chala hoga
Happy anniversary yo
bye!
Have a nice day
Okay. No problem. Haha.
It ll take another  <#>  mnts 2 reach thr.
Bout 8 plus to 9 can?
Master/common rm Blk  <#>  west coast, furnish ac  <#>  dec $ <#> -$ <#> , viewing tmr 8pm, pls confirm ur appt. Lis
The Warren has only one lobby after the main entrance by theguardhouse.  Our unit number is  <#> ,  <#>  Choa Chu Kang Loop incase you need it.
I sure am lol
Not sure!  <#> ?
s what time it stops. I let u know again ba. Ya by bus.
dear, i outside pl4. hee
Yay go ask the rest please and lynette.
Yes. Noted with thanks.
No need i think.
She didnt responding
Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
Huh... oh! Thats the wooden one right? the aluminium one cheaper
Wensin's! Haha keep falling asleep!! Going bathe now, finally grandmacane out of toilet!
Kk
Lol wts fast lol kk
Whatever turns u on... as long as I can have my way with u afterward ;)
Lol u minimize small small put at 1 corner lor.hahahaha.hungry.roarrr.
Ya.
I ask my dad come at 8...
Hehe.. 0ye ticki patwana bd me ;->
Yep... sianz lol
Its my way of addressing those whom i consider close to me.
Ok. I'm at popular.
S..m sure..
Sorriessssss!
Ha b0l bhai
U willing to come out a not cos i neva drive today.
Yeah because you are too used to it. You matters too much about howothers look at you. It's all psychological.
Hey no problem at all! It was very well done! Could see lot ofthought put into it. Happy to help anytime :-)
Okay!
Dammit zac don't pick on my words lol
Coming coming! I brought a few movies on my laptop!(:
Wit who d.swathi told she is nt cuming
since u decide on the timing and place, i think u should also decide where to eat also :p
Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
Yeaaaa sure am
U keep it in mind
頃滉淡鞏措ゼ 瓿惦秬頃橁碃鞛堨柎鞖�. Is there something wrong with the following statement, 雮挫澕鞚� 瓿勳啀 牍勱皜 鞓り碃 鞛堨姷雼堧嫟.
Yoyo! Awake? (:
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
Lols k!
ok! i resting nw:-* u rest also. :)
<DECIMAL>  pm de?
No love
I jus woke up. Now on my way to nus for project. Bought a $ <#>shirt yest for celebration night
Yeah xP crazy ass cunt
TG 409, reach Singapore about 7pm
Eh.. nv.. actually wanna meet u n xuhui..but i changed my mind.. haha..
<#>
I thk still muz make appt b4 goin dwn... And nd to tell him we goin oso... Unless tmr morn den book lor...
Ok I meet u  <DECIMAL>  at boon boonkeng mrt.
But i'm not free. Haha. But okay lah can stay back awhile n tg hashis OS lec. Yes we did.
We can buy the  <#>  bucks thing to share then it's super filingaccording to Chester hahaha but the drinks there are ex!!
Just got onthetrain my  Princess yei yei
Hahaha I got a few and cally got a few. You need about  <#> gb. Nopegot mkv and avi format.
Yup coming soon le.
How stupid to say that i challenge god.You dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.
Where got buff? My core weak lols. Nxt time holiday u free. Go train jio me
Wtf? Not grammatical for me xP
Aww baby :( you'll feel better soon
Wru
Aight well keep me informed
Oh the person frm legs n paddles said they gave me my bin wrongly
Lol.. Overslept?
Haha dunno leh, I said that too but my mum just insist dun answerhaha o.o hahaha you know, my ex class ppl used to say vivien and I areopposite, vivien see at first look chio, but then see more become lesschio haha, then I'm the reverse, but I still dun think I'm goodlooking or anyth! Haha so early!? I went to bathe then slacking now,trying to do chinese zuowen haha:x haiyo what to do!
good night
Ya. He shld be chugging along on the train now.
Ok. But not in the mood to work! Heehee...
I'm not coming home then! I'm tired of crying!
Will be late. Around  <TIME> .  I can eat after we go to IFC or tradehub if we want to go buy the coffee table.  Was hit by unexpectedmeetings.
Lol
Jesus fucking Christ phone
Hahaha coz i'm talking to no one in real life!
Bbq at macs?!
Oh ya. Sry fuck u buddy
Dear, Friday got anything on?
Ps!! Fell asleep!! emo coz you never dl, ot5 is one true 5! Like youknow otp? Tmr got Chester, ryan, timo, herngyi, dunno le! Checking mysms ~
Tonite got dinner outside leh cannot.
Staff count for the day is 25 members
m calling ü now ar...
pl come tommorrow
s why i told u she cant be engineer any more
You know there is. I shall speak to you in  <#>  minutes then
Woot.tmr going chuying bday not ah?
Haha omg my phone got some prob the alert always cannot hear! So youreach home le right? Haha icic! Sounds interesting! Haha it's okaylah, my house is made of glass, has a mini swimming pool and is on topof water! (: how does okazaki feel?? Confused! Ooo haha you want mepei you eat or sth??
Haha...nvm liao..
Ok.. Thanks. Me and huiqi so far combine around 23 pages
Ya tired!
I love you too babe
Blog u
Pl pray for baby Anisha 6 months with a wheez.
Also pics
ll noe later.
Tea ready.  <DECIMAL>  is good. Ring me once he stop.
Hey bro good morning.. So busy marking papers... Wats up.? Wat r u doing? Me went to bed very late yesterday.. V did r program nicely.. Me too did my part wel.. Everyone praised.. Al glory to Him.. Yesterday i left my 4n in the room nd 1ly went for the concert.. Now me at school.. Wen u wil u get ur free minutes to talk?
Yea. Yuhui paying paypal in euro. Den we pay him in sgd lor.
Coz 5ppl in the group,4 activities! Compiling is difficult okay!!
K..sweet dreams.....
Lol hows ur mob exercise.lol.
s my reality show ah... All cant find one...
DO WHATEVER YOU WANT.
accendent on the parkway
No :-)
I eat with u!! We finishing up soon le. Muuuacks
Haha I dun know ehh! Waiting for Karyee's reply! Karyee organise lor,then always never reply or give specific replies!
Sup?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
yup ... u ?
Ooi before exam i already say i will eat w u right, then u didnt give me priority. Yest go where so late then come back?
ok, but wait for a moment, my gal is online
How is ur paper?
Yeap.
I see.... So where you went yesterday?
Only bread finished.
Did you receive the loft booking form I left in your pigeon hole?
Nvm yo lol
Pathan for delhi
Eatin at far east lor... Goin to drink coffee now...
Yay back. Hi!
P
k talk to u on icq
Just pay me first, i'll redistribute
No idea. They asked if I see a group of boys in white.
Room
u outside?
Wooooot.haha I wan interview u the IT outsourcing module leh.lol.u last time got take tat mod not ah?
Ooo LOL YOU'RE SUPER BLUR CAN! omg I wanted to watch that show! Ohhicic! I lie down on it awhile for fun, then end up fell asleep haha!Ehh what the! Next week!? Go practice! Uhh I can try help you sell youwant?(:
U want more?
Yun ah,ü home tomorrow afternoon?or tonight.
Kangkar
Try to do something dear. You read something for exams
Can't I got art. Help ask hui shi she how many totally untouched le ...
Fwd: Pass down msg. Rmb to sign consent form. It is in your emails.
Kk
<#> , Jai Ganraj CHS , Ramchandra Nagar No.1, off mega mart ,near nitin company highway junction,Thane(West)
No particular reason lor, anyway tt day got somethin on, dun wan to rush abt oso...
How are e weekly assignments like huh?Is it like sec 4 bio?Alot of memorising?
Msg my hp 0168596707
Dict castle
Check with nuerologist.
K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
Really? Okay.
m sorry it died on u.
Ron say fri leh. N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. But he said wait lor.
Ahhh yizhan. They got something on so gotta change to tues same time.U can? Also project groups might change depending on our tutors
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
Kaha ho abhi?
Hi ya hows your weekend?
Okok this shouldnt happen cos i already pay,if it is taken they shouldnt make me pay, will try to argue dun worry! Yaya the name is correct i type too fast haha
U may sleep...
Please visit a doctor today,do not delay. Yes will hold you in prayer.GBU.
yaaaar..sharminda hi kia ha tune
dont know la ... u ownself find out
Phr kb ha?
Yup
Hahaha okay okay.
Ohh they sent you also is it! Paiseh! Thanks!
My chem will get Lik  <#> + lols. I last 5 min totally give up denstart calculating how many marks lost and calculate cap
9:30pm
K k k :)
t tot abt it leh.wat do u wan to eat?
ll stop work on wed, so wed nite?
Kitna der lagega? Reply kro.
ll wait for ü.hee- we go together k.
Wow london examiners in sg?
Where u? Wat time going back
hv a safe and happy trip ya...
In tis lovely nite, I pray 2 the blue moon 2 protect U thru the nite, the wind 2 blow away ur stress N the twinkle stars 2 guide U the way, sweet dreams Gd Nite
Ahhhhhh I dont know ehhh
Haiz... We lost 10 bucks playin jackpot...
Lol its gonna be harder than that to keep me away.
just go la, have fun!
Hey karen, may i know your email address at yellow pages? I've a schproj which may need your assistance. Don't mind i send the details tou next wk. Then u advise if u can help up? Thanks! Gary Wong.
Yoz! Happy 21st bdae! Kekez.. I wish tat everything will b shun shun li li for u! Enjoy ur day today at ktv!
Haha... Ok... Ur exams endin on friday rite? Wan to meet up for dinner?
LNFL
Nvm la u stay lo? My parents won't allow la
Yup... You got it?
Can i have the interview tmr?
i pick u up ard 12?
Email?
Dear sir,wish to intimate that i am leaving to Qatar in search of an apt opportunity.Look forward to your patronage.shall keep in touch.Regards,Rakhesh.Kerala.
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
Fun le. Ur  <DECIMAL>  improved wad
HAPPY NEW YEAR IN ADVANCE GOD MAY SHOWER HAPPIEST MOMENTS IN YOUR LIFE
Mr lim I forgot if I signed up for SAT. Can you please help me check?
m not v free ok jus dat my hours r more flexible...
When u coming back
You think!
Haha so late! I also around that time lol
Yeeeeah
HAARP
Whitney White c/o Linguistic Institute <#>  <street> pl.Ann Arbo, MI... trying to find the zip now
s is gd.
Dont come now..I'm still sleeping..u come in the evening. :-) i'm a s??mb?¨ri no..
Btw, we have  <#> m
Msg 2398: from <df501e0b21bc88cc1e464dd95bf722da8865851c93267498> , to<d053c98a1c705a68a409ec3a79628cfa> , "2011.03.03 12:47:00
Haha ya hor nvm wait til they renovate finish we bomb them lol...haha just woke up now my cons blur blur de lol...
Reached
Hey check Facebook! Impt!
will be back on wed
No I smsed after Iwoke up. Ahh funny posts.
Send my regards. Thanks for letting me know see ya.
Ok. so i see u 2pm at orchard mrt.
I m in bus interchange waiting for bus. So long haven come yet. My foot still a little pain. take care bye
Oooh and guns n roses song just came on. Yay today is gonna be a good day!
When are we going to Marina sands?
Ok I wait for u. Call me when done
Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
Call you half an hour
Nvm
God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
But we dont have to go for flag raising right?
m goin to book liao... Oh but wat if they dun allow me to book 4 u leh?
Why?
Lonely hrs are the best hrs of our life bcoz its d only time we share our deepest pain wit d most trusted person in the world...
U r 1mark less! Sir Aziz vil gv ya ta make  <#>  . . . He dont hv to do that bcz im fail in 2 subjs wch means im safe
Dayum. I went  <TIME>  to  <TIME>  the other day though in all fairness haha
Go down now?
Hey serene... Do u wana go 4 algebra lect later... Me and indra wana go...
Koi bt nhi
Thanks!
Haha maybe I'll be annoyed with you looking at 9gag and you will bevery annoyed with me for being so Nazi:o haha bathe le! Are you home?
Msg kar
Hmm nxt sat and sun I not free le. Mayb nxt nxt sat la
at home ah?Watchin tv?
U FREE TOMORROE
<name>! merry christmas! thanks for the ride home. (show ys the msg,cozz i dun have his number. hehrh. ) n , Merry Christmas! enjoyurselves tmr!
Haha.. Okay..
Of course gogogo!
<#>  Jasmeet Kaur  <#>
D: ok
Mom I will call you tomorow the internet resets on the 1st of the month
Cause is his mum ask de. She wanna play.
Haha I should learn to double check texts
hey xin, my fren got qns 4 ur bro. Com eng is more on hardware or software... Do u nd any computing knowledge b4hand? Wat do u study abt in tis course...
OK tks. So do u thk they wud need a replacement?
Hey dad I Bbq at fren hse at guilin view
ll b goin to e busstop now lor... U c me den alight lor... E stop is opp my hse one leh, correct rite...
Gonna moving out tmr already?
Hmm should I go astro lol
How are you. :-D
sorry u know my addiction to books -leaving now
Oh no  <#>  run le. T.T double decker.
Is it we jus go to any tut class on mon n tues? But i cant go for any of the class on tues n mon. Ü? Going which class?
Hi there! Happy CNY! This is my new hp number effective from monday onwards!
Hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha - hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love Pete
LOL later go coop buy eh.
=( im sorry
Yup!
I will confirm u .
Can she leave it somewhere for us to collect ah... okay. Mon i will be school...
Den wat other movies, alex and emma ah... I cant go online yet, my sis usin e laptop...
Oh no>< stay safe!! Haha he's drawing fruit!
Hmm.. Got pull your CAP down alot anot? Your OM B- also nvr SU leh.
dun say that, it ok.. at least i know u are alright.. it good to hav u as a fren even though we seldom meet
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Wish you all the best! :-D
Ok lo..
Haha ps>< someone from another room! Haha okay let's do that! Haha Idun really have anyth to buy! Now at the noisy boy part haha!
<#> k
Eh no need lah. I going back to hall now. See you later... You coming? haha i just saw 3 of our classmates... They  going to pon
2 whsky pii,ami appy khachhi,la la la la la..
Wts zai! So Watchu doing now
But I still can see his pic. He look jus as big as now le
You have made me a hot chocolate drinker! Drinking Kahlua Hazelnut Coco- hot choc with hazelnut kahlua topped with whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Yummmm!
Tat dun sounds busy at all.hahaha.
No..
At homagama anna *Call Jordon at Rs. <#> /-.Dial  <#>  to activate MY <#> *
m reaching...
so do u noe how to pass fail?
OK cool :-)
I dun have the results for that qn two... Cos we cannot manage to do finish... Both of us got the expt done wrongly...
Call us
I'm busy right now. I'll call you later.
O... See you at pink table. In lab now.
Thks sis!
I need an 8th but I'm off campus atm, could I pick up in an hour or two?
Kk, cu
Lol what thing 有翅
Wan come down eat dinner
Ya lols I tired siaz. Eat den go hm lo
We meet 7 tues at orchard coffee club, its girls night.
Sent you an awful little recording of me playing guitar
Heh alright. Maybe I will go down to bss tmr to talk to mr leongabout the camp.
Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ <URL>
He said some projects will be shared. Hopefully its not ours. Gotinterview too jus do properly na shld be okay
i seldom skip breakfast. have to eat something in the morning so i have the energy to work till lunch time.
Haha okay! No problem. Let you know soon
Me ajmer me.. Kya hua
chapter 7 Q <#>  kia ha?
It's fine Monday I also wan slack lol
U bluff me...he  not going...lolz...
Ohh okay (:
K..k...from tomorrow onwards started ah?
Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai & have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
Okk!
General Cheng, I am unable to train you today. I hope you have the initiative totake initiative to carry out the training. Just as Tuesday night, takeyour rifle wherever you go, remember to do biceps curls and lateralraises. Report to me when you are done.President Truman
She didn't call me leh. Haha. She asked u to work ar?
Why?
Hahaha well got lesson until 6 you neh?
Read the paper.. I just know how it works.. :)
Lols?
Nooooo
You too =)
i miss you all
You must make full use of the time leh. Time is really running out.
Lol umm after nus I think. Haha
K.. V vl decid it latr...
Wat the my hse borin sia I dun wan stay home
Oops then prob wrong one
Hello hello! Rehearsal's just about to start, and I get out at <TIME> :)
ll contact u on ur new line frm now on rite...
No leh... Last time i also failed. They sent to me
Good morning! E PE covers all chapters except 8 right? I am so sleepy? Btw, u said tt Wed want 2 go JE huh. Ok lor. What is e thing tt can be done there only.
I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
s tue noe.... Okie la... Cant wait 4 nxt wk, haha,cos last wk of work...
Okay we are on the way le.
im watchin smallville.. dozin off.. dun think im goin to study tonite.. u studyin now ah?
Oya iSEE
Hey why u nvr reply the mno <#>  email one? Need me to organize aconference call to discuss is it? Haha.
Hmmm I not sure jio who... eh weds after movie gym?
cos i got the BK coupons...
Bring ur passport details too!
Hehehe...Ter juz come sit beside me.Wanna say hi?
hi! sharis, my trainee is having this birthday bash at his Bungalow tomoro evening...there will be lots of bbq food,tonnes of vodka,pool games,jacuzzi,great
Hey what decided.
I'm in tut 7.
You knw God arrange for u...  <#>  months of love,  <#>  weeks non stop fun &  <#>  days of happiness so when u mixed thm all.. You wil found a verz HAPPY NEW YEAR ! & I think it's  <#>  ma dear
Okay coming back soon
undecided. ya she coming
Dear, rem to rest a little ok! I just woke up. Heeeee. I love u!!!!!
Hey. I forgot I gt another meeting till 2:. U all discuss first,Imeet u all later can? Sry. I uploaded my stuff on ivle alr
opss sorry
Yea dulan go back le foo say those get gold for napfa can go! Waste time!
Not yet d
Hahaha hongling told me to text her when I end class. So probablyshe's joining too.
I nid go do cip
I'm heading to you
Im not skippin lesson, 3-5 lesson is e-tutorial. i dun mind watchin such movie la.. or jus married?
Huh its v cheap in sydney? Ü going there? E ones in melbourne is in torquay i tink...
Haha anything eh. I dont mind.
<EMAIL>
So good can watch tv, haiz.. Ur poor bf still do need to do report.
I know what you mean. I'll be back sooo soon for forever. You are socalming to me
Ok wait
Vaishu woke up d:-)she cant send msg frm her mobile..
luckily she didnt scold u hehe ü wad r u doin now?
Pigletttttt.lol.Yourong here.y changing number?
Come de.
I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
HAHA I JUST SAW YOUR SMS FROM YTD HAHA!!!! YEAH PROMPER!!!!! XD XD XD
OK da..Sleep well...Good night...God bless you...Bye :-)
Good. Have a good day dear.
You know, everytime I drink gc I think of you sia...
Ok i coming over rite now. . I not wearing jeans, but bermuda.
Jani na 2i ekhane eshe kemn achs,vlo ki?aj wntd 2 c u,bt hlo na.d buses here.ki vaje j elam ekhane,am waitng 4 ur cl..gv me wn u r free
M 31 sg! U?
Lol look who's talking man! Good morning to you too
Lol! How jio? U won anything?
Why you wanna visit me? :)  Blk  <#>  serangoon north ave 4 # <#>  s<#> . Give me urs too!
Wat the hell..? Go 2 sleep the husbnd of rakhi....
It clearly wasn't! Help me thank your mum for the food! It was supernice and I love the fried chicken super duper alot:D
When u free put miss call to me. Agilan.
Good night janu .. Sweet dreamZ ..
Hello! I'm going to bed, and just wanted to say I'm really glad                                   you're so patient, and I love you so much. Goodnight my loff
I am going home, call u later tonight
Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great & successful day.
Will u be using your template or mine?
See 1st.
Watching a documentary thing lol
U with da Jie?
Where?
I reach in 15minHow
Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
Its okay! I brought it to audi with me, come find me at the front rowlater! (:
hi manish have some cold drinks after a hour
Say 5 lines URSELF every morning: 1. I am the best. 2. I can do it. 3. God is always with me. 4. I am a winner. 5. Today is my day. Good morning
Lol got b+ lol.Percy got b- and thinking wht he shd su it.hahaha.
Rly meh??
Ponning hse meeting?
Lols no time cereal?
Which part of e lib are u in now?
Not hot of cus... Since when are blackies hot.. Neh gonna run out of batt but not yet. Havent taken my htc chacha for repair yet. Sian.
I need to have my stats notes back. When r u free to mit up?
No problem.  We may be inside, so just call me if no one answers thedoor.  See you tomorrow!
Lol what time you going down?
s ur pin?
Dammit... yield was abysmal...  <DECIMAL> %!!!!!!!!!
Rony,inform your classmates I will not conduct your class today. I'll take a make-up class tomorrow at 12.00. Thanks.
No?
Heck to the yeah man! :)
Thks!
Top right.
Haha having paper today? Good luck!!
<#>  t <#>
Ah, gotcha. I just thought from what you said you were gonna ride past or something.
Oh,nvm.cos tin ey  all goin actors-e gay club tomorrow nite.but i got thing.nvm nex time èn go...joan duno joinin us on sat anot she hvn reply.fion confirm.
Yeap... Thurs 2 to 4. Ü got any lecture after this? Wanna go lunch?
nm i will settle
Iiii dunno xP
:-o I think you text hongling bah. She's off only at 6pm.
Haha because I wont stay until that late mah. Haha I will update youto see what you can help me with bah.
Oh. She saying for now just suspecting decay, so fill hole only. Thepain on and off and have been going on for quite some time. When r urexams?
Yes! Ahh can ask lynette to send you the list, so you can contact them?
You dont know you jabo me abi.
Hey ü coming online? Ü mind watching other movies? Coz wawa dont want to watch twins... I watch with ü next week lar
Wot
Wen u cum to mes just msg me
K:)k:)good:)study well.
After the drug she will be able to eat.
Lol its greeen monster on yrs? Haha its some baby face on mine. Wanot used to keyboard yet omg
Ɑæ̃
aiya! i want more baobao. nw so hungry
<#> k:.
Waa when did we start playing winner pay
Eh... U still not coming home...
I call my bro.
ok
Kk.. thanks lots!! :-)  I have a good rest too!
Nicnicnicole yuxiang's there?
Raffles city got mac meh
Hey everyone are u free to get together this sunday afternoon for coffee to catch up. Am working now so only free on weekends :( Better say yes! k Elaine
Ok Dar. I seeing on phone
No money
Alright thanks.
Check your email
Okay thks
Really! Haha I think I might apply but then got alot of stuff on,dunno if can handle! Haha oh wells it's over! Haha I just met liweiand she checked my entire book whoa!
I dunno do wad. Only yik choong
Ok
Yup.
Den got wat?
Bout 1 to 2 days after I pass him the soft copy.
Wish u a happy new year thambi.
At orchard.
hey, I am kinda in the zone. Don't wanna break the flow.. so i llstay at home and we ll do Skype.
Tonight got mahjong, Jason reaching soon. Can open door for him?
K k.
Wow... Good ah you dont be late
Hahaha okay dont go tt office already. He's not around. I meet youall at attic.
Haha I just went in and smile awkwardly hehe! Lcs was like "thattook...long" haha I missed Dillon's presentation entirely!
Btw, why did you ask me to go bugis if you were gonna have dinner athome anyway?
Lol I know. And he suggested the contacts. So I asked him are u cheating on me?
Ohh x.x its so awkward I dun know her v well so I dun know how to help you )):
Dar end le tell me? I go back with u
Hi ricky, we discovered that your chemical washing crew missed thewalls of the 3rd floor master bath. Can you help schedule a rewash onMonday?
today is my birthday
Yeap
Haha treat yourself and your family! Haha omg as in its fine not tobathe the whole day but at the end of the day will bathe right?Somemore in Singapore leh, damn hot! Haha maybe. I dunno what he wasdoing!
haha.,bet they will cut short fringe for u.. cos they learning how to cut short fringe now..
Dunno!! He say see who going first!! Anyway yx say he watched before!!
So I apply leave?!
Lol cally needs time to prepare eh.
After your movie you want to play mah?
wah... just recommend a show u want me to treat him?? u think i millionaire ah
Kaun sa num .bhj
hee. i also reach le! love u dear!muacks
He played with joel afterwards only.
Oh... Okie lor... Den we just go tanglin can liao... Tsk tsk, drivin oso can forget ah...
It is ok. you and me always like this rite? See you love you
s quite nice.
Sitting in for fun lor. See what i miss by not taking chem
So u want me alone on a plane AND a theater?... I could live with that =D
Wat da?
Why not? If anyone did, it'd be them lol
Uhh flick the dip switches up and move the serialing wire from Serial2 to Serial3 oops i forgot
Haha okay! ooo have fun too! (: hahaha what the! I'm not so charming sadly):
Totally! They just want as much memorized as possible tonight because                             we're staging. I gots it :)
No message..no responce..what happend?
he download last time. forgot to pass u coz u nt online. tmr i checkwif him again .. u coming sch tmr?
Lol idk yet but you got more than 1. Update later
Btw kent, his grandma doesn't know how to cook for him meh. Haha.
ll prob b home early...
Stop
no target. really  dunnoe who is  good for me, after  giving up the previous one
Haha wow! Against who?
Hi, u vl b cald by virtusa soon. :-)
No prob....
I want my specs back!! Haha ohh no both of then opened your msg!
Exam ok. Haha. Open heart hee
s life ?
If you have nothing to do when you reach I can go down!
S tell me.
btw, what cake flavour u want to eat? :)
Okay alright.
Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
this is weird
I end le.smith st got open.but sky abit dark.ü end le.call me.see how.
Friday
Hiya... Really works...
Y da.. Gud nt bro.. Tak cre
Miss u. Can't wait til u come home.
Hi sorry I wont be free this period of time. Will the original timingbe okay? I can bring it to  <#>  if u like it to be earlier.
Just finish now on  <#>  and miss u alot. How? Hee.
Eating in sch?
Omg I just received your sms wth! Wah suan thanks lor!!!!
Ya! Bout  <DECIMAL>  reach
Imp.
take CS3260 next sem?
<#> am at kallang mrt!
No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
Alright, I'll get ready and stuff and we can meet where ever
Haha alright.
Oh ok lor can.haha ask Percy along?u all can enslave him.
I have lectures till  <#> h, where could I meet you to pass you the forms?
Never listen properly mah..
U want to work part time at NIGHTSAFARI or not? $90 per nite ..10 days only. simple job just smile n clap hands. .............Cos AH MENG got SARS
You call him now ok i said call him
But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
If posibl, cal me at 8 o clk.
Hah okay. Prawn?
Hi violet, this sat can u b e projectionist? Can I arrange e briefing this sat at 7pm for all projectionists?
anyway i dun think i hav told u a lot of things also
for fun peace and laughter
Ok see you
Ya, of cos ..
Okay =D
I have quite a pleasant surprise for ya tonight
Yea np. Nxt time den go watch!
Erm... ya i not meeting u liao sorry...
Ways optimization and chicken  snack??
Oh okay I send it again. Is that email correct?
On 3 jan..salary  <#> k working time is from late evening to morning:)
Sry I m busy
Nope, no balls. I brought the white box today
We're all fighting growing cold, we're all fighting growing cold, inthe hopes of fleeing from the North or get get knifed by BowenMarsh...
You experience happiness when you discover a flame of curiosity andkindle it into a fire of enthusiasm.
ohh okok..hehe.she is cute..:-D:-)
Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
Oh
She didnt copy it frm me.she download it frm net da..its k u send
Hyd rava
we are meeting together on monday at 7.30 pm for tea/dinner. do you want to come along and join us? he is leaving for US soon
ok
Wtf u all Bo jio!
? loving you. Always my cutie.
If she can't have visitors maybe we can go though ^^ I'm just waitingfor my mom to reply
Hee.. jus wake. eating soon.baobei lei?
My sis class end at 730 so may make it for dinner. So u two go eat first. Aiyah, feel bad that i make u go town alone.
Sorry frnd, i doesn't mean to hurt u..k, tel wat treat u ned?
D
Bro trnsfr h0gae kya
My mum recorded psc nite so watch w her lor... E stars really came lor, not recorded one...
on mrt, u in school already? wan eat breakfast together?
Its easy..
Ohh no it was go enjoy your pizza._. wah super cool! have fun hahahath wasn't in my room, vivian was in the other room didn't know that Iwas sleeping haha! They came over after I woke up:P
Hola Nemo, intro pls!
Orh.. Ya, I know ah.. Lol! :)
Tmrw. Im finishing 9 doors
Hey hey when are we meeting ah?
It's fine Monday I also wan slack lol
Haha okay! Thank you! :-D
Haha alright :)
Ohh meeting. So you arent going.back home? Doing research plan lor..
ll need it anyway when i start work next year... Or 4 my proj presentation?
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Hey u tot only double bond and ring structure will have geometricisomerism? How come 2,3-chlorobutane has geometric isomerism
Haha. Okay. U just try loh. Send a few lah. Haha. Thanks!
Just regular therapy
What's up? Class
Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.
répondre à mes questions chatte l'homme,
Good morning, do we cont to key in the data using laptop SPB <#> ?
Haiz. A levels my uncle bom diao. Now my grandmother prob going tobom diao this week. So irritating lor cannot study in peace.Grr...haha
Haha okay. Sure no problem man.
Yo later after this can go with me to sc room take your blazer?
Lols jus gymed yest . 2moro going swimming ps. Eh like no one wanwatch movie liddat
m sorry if we have nt been sensitive...
Thanks for hosting the steamboat!
Pending... We r open 2 ech other.I told him im reali nt ready.Dun wana tink so much,live a dae as it cums.I juz feel dat we cnt b 2gethr,mayb i sensitv la.
alrighty
4 la... Might b earlier, dunno... Call u...
I hav low battery so now dont call me my mobile might be switched off
Lols aye got arp n training so no volleyball. Went fren condo lols. Iwas bored just now and tried to dl gba emulator
Ü have driving right? After ur driving lor. Free to go online?
Thought the latest one was on  <#> th right?
We don't use spear gears, unless the ones inside the engine thatcomes with it. Ok.
I just got accepted into a last min sch camp and thus won't be around during the weekdays nxt wk. U can pass the shipment to me over the wkend or the wk after
Let me check my schedule tomorrow.  Should be ok.
Ya
gd gd. hmm,, need to send email by start of lecture.. u wanna send?
ll reply asap...
Hey! I just got back. I picked up some class supplies at target                                   (notebooks, paper, pens etc.) and ordered one of my books off Amazon.                              I still need to get a couple more books for class this week, so if you                             could transfer some moolah over ASAP that would be so great! I'm going                             to talk to financial aid tomorrow, and I'll be sure to let you know                                how things go. Thanks for everything and talk to you soon!
Excellent, I'll see what riley's plans are
Post bah! msg idk! Haha icic!! Hahaha are they busy in sch? Hahareally ahh?? Did she say why? Haha long dist rs is cool!
Can you grab me some cigs bud.
Yeah get the unlimited
m from KL Ur tel no pls.
Yo drinking cancel dey. Let's just play mahjong :-D
LOL I can stay in sch to do my work.
But i've a tut at  <#> am leh. I think we'll rehearse for the bestpresentation demo first. I don't know still got time to talk abt thereport not leh.
s on 21 may. Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. But she isnt free
Okay.
s ur day?
u are missed! hee. love u! rem to drink water ar.
Hey wendy, are you free now?
Hee yalor miss u so muchh! Reach le ma?
how are you
rou rou wat.
Haha. Serious loh. The girl beside seeteng is her friend then she gotanother friend beside her also. Tell him paiseh lah.
No.they ddnt cl yet
Oh? It started around 5 plus already.
Hmm Monday  <#>  to 1?
Haha uhoh tired le :P Hahahahaha oh wells going to sleep! See youtomorrow! Goodnight (: hope you reach home soon after you and yourfriends leave and sleep earlier! nights (:
Terima kasih!
Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ <#> , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ <#>  worth
She seldom eat cold food. She said its painful when eating something hard.
sry juz nw didn't hear phone ring. will take a look.thanks
Haha I was bored! Hahaha fell asleep for awhile! Hahaha hmm:P hahaokay! We do work then (: btw your personal statement! Haha omg socool! What you all playing!
Nvr pay attn le
Hey u buying paddle for Joel bday?
no, i *didn't* mean to post it. I wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it WAS what i was feeling at the time. I was angry. Before i left, i hit send, then stop. It wasn't there. I checked on my phone when i got to my car. It wasn't there. You said you didn't sleep, you were bored. So why wouldn't THAT be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? At least make the bed?
Hey remb to help me get the colourful map if possible... thx
Track pants?
ok!
No. Not so soon
U nvr check ur email ah... Details u have to ask cindy... We meetin at 12...
Thankyou thanku
pata cchala
OHH THEN TODAY DO WHAT!
KBCQ A
Oh then bendemeer de, I meeting charlotte directly?
Haha yup. Then pass me receipt. Can claim.
Morning my beautiful girl l!yei yei going for a run soon  hee.kissesfor my darling  girl
San dian ban
I nuh suree I supposed to call my teacher in d morn to find out..you in sando?
Next to Walgreens
In jurong point eating with hl. Hee
The number is 63383526. Ask her call after 12 noon tml k! U call nydc yrself k. Faster...
R u 4 real
Let's go party!
Ya ok... But b4 10 k...
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Haha okay kopitiam (:
What if I'm like oh my job is wonderful. I never have a bad customer my boss buys me pizza everyday... you'd be like omg stfu and quit texting me!
No idea though.
Tasu dnt b s0ry yaar n i cnt as i hv to leav mig fr ma stdies.. I cnt play wid ma career agn.. Plz undrstnd me n i l0v u.. I wl infrm u whnvr i'l cme
U handing in lab report?
Just left cck!
Who calling
The aircon quote seems to use the old, original drawings.  Is theestimate based on the new third floor?  The quote specifies that the2nd floor should take less BTUs than the 3rs which is wrong.  We arealso thinking of only doing the guest room on the 1st floor, no hall.Can you double check?
Hey wad time meet back gate
Lol sj yh got rehearsal. So mayb not going. Tell ya later?
Haha lol i go specialy walk from sim lim to bugis then i fml.
Get in your room dood!
Haha I didn't know that! I thought you still went to harbor. Lol                                  nervermind then
Honth jab Honth se milte hain to kya hota hai... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Hamesha galat hi sochte ho Muh band ho jata hai idiot.
then it can moisturise our skin. and rub in circular motion. u wash face, tone,then put a bit of jelly and cream onto ur hand,and tap it on your face,
<DECIMAL>  bje tk.
Haha yeah phys can slack de! just memorise the eqns go in exam, haha,maybe that's why I dun do well in phys! Haha I can't if it's a normalday! Haha I hope so too><
Two messages come together. Er... Wait for me for a while. Get changed and see you where?
hi dad how are you?
s shop dat will interest u? Helping my cousin out.. Hee thanks!
pata laga
Home and in bed!
Did u already pay?
Which is?
Haha icic! Haha so nice:P see he went into the kitchen! Haha the raindamn shiok^^ sadly now not raining liao): I want to do chinese, thenmy bro being retarded again don't want focus on his sci revision, keepwatching videos on his phone, so I shouted at him, scolded him andtook his phone away, now he don't want to do his revision, I shouldjust lock him up in an empty room with only him and his science stuffinside. Very very angry with him. What are you all doing today!(:
Hmm. Kk.. see u tmr!:-)
Thank you very much, sharon! Haha.
Why dear
m nt goin too, nobody pei...
Ahaha thanks. Rhyme much appreciated XD
Sorry today cant, tmr got work need hand in.
Any plans later?
Ya tell da. .
Ok then we cancel lor. We meet another time w more ppl.
Ohh icic! Idm ah! Get from you the next time I meet you??
Oh okay thks
Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
You all plan, I find funds.
all went out... alone at home again..
Den how? I nudge u
What the?! Who? Erm I meeting fren
re not done yet...
Wahhs my phone lag again! Sian! Haha yeah looks so nice but cannotuse right! I like chicken rice:P but there's so much other food I lovealso! Just that chicken rice can be found anywhere and easy to eat:Dhaha nope my bro bought chicken rice and my grandma bought rice ball!haha but your grades are better than his, and better than mine too!Haiz but then I dunno leh, can't help but feel angry bah! Haha I dunwant you to be crazy for anyone else too!!! >< tmr is like so faraway, and I think I will go to sch tmr morning, we can meet there (:
Sian, what are you doing? Jeryl sim taking forever and I need to bathe!
:-)
Cool my foot... Haha i dunno... i think he stays invisible most of the time... Your fren going ntu ? Girl? He told me before a lot of girls drop out...
Odu!
Lols wad the! Thks
Huh... I mean e orientation in e first wk leh... Not majors...
Nice! Thanks! I'll check it out!
Huh watch butterfly?sentosa ah? wad is it?real butterflies or a show?i help ü pack la.heh-
Yea. I can't rem search wad. Android ar
Hey.. done.. see if it's ok.solution quite brief.
Which r d most powerful 3 words other than I LUV U ?  RESULTS ARE OUT "!;-)"
Add fule
Lol.wah really is beside the ATM.hahaha.buy finish lo now still going school.sob.
Eh... This one i dunno leh... Haha... Maybe just bring ñ see how?
9 very early leh.  <#> ? Shld take abt 1+ hr at most.
Hahaha oh chey! I thought what were you gonna do! Hahaha fine pokeher later! Okay so wen not with you ah!
Can you let me know asap whether you can make it at that time not cause wil can.
Do you think it's okay to think we can stay at the new place when it's late?
Still in tirupur
Lol eh dun wan 1k mod.
Ohh now!?
Search a beautiful heart, but not search a beautiful face. Beautiful things are not always good, But good things are always beautiful ....=.b/nS.=
Haha okay thanks!! (:
Ya lor... Quite scared tmr get blocked, dunno wat to write...my editin lk shit oso... Cya tmr...
you so mean
Getting the real frat experience I see
Yea its okay. Thks and get well soon!
Aww oh well haha.
I believe your obsession will make you that way. Coming for the meeting tmr? Whachudoin?
Farm hat at  <#> pm? Lol
So tomorrow u wat time going?
Mimi40 icic. Me 24 m sg. Nice to noe u. Mimi yr name?
Ehh!? He said he reached! Anyway I reached liao!
hey,what r ü bringing to é beach on sat?How many sets of change ñ stuff?
The matrix table weightage thing.  Can I edit part of the porters five as well
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
help me on tv.. haha
See la bever do your homework tio ask stay back, noobshit
Do you have photoshop?
U and sj individual. But imma in grp so I shld be going. Are you
Oic. Tsk is it u rather he nv die then u can go hell instead?
ha. no prob.away talking to ur gf ar? u enjoy urs too! thanks
Haha good for my dear! Hope tml weekend they dun drill lo lol... Idoing work now so hardworking lol
Okay i'll be at canteen 2.
Haha its nice!! Hahaha yeah go form a  <#> :D
Its just the effect of irritation. Just ignore it
Umm i think hongling, vanessa, ruyi, jiamin, jeff, lynette. You askeveryone bah.
K.k.let see.
Woot wat rice lol... see lo then we need to go earlier to buy! Afterwe buy ba Wang on the way back I go buy? I din even do haha..
haha i will try the cake today...
Ok
Er Jie ask u log in Skype or MSN.. I going out. U talk to her
Oh it's fine lol
Both of u twins ah... Muz stick together one...
Roarrrr wah lao change new fone laaaaaa.
K
Hey can't meet earlier?
Whats your work time?
May d year of d MONKEY bring U a gorilla of wealth, gibbon of wisdom, apes of success, chimpanzee of health... A Happy Monkey Scratching NEW YEAR to You!!
Btw smo also sure can't get anything.g de. Almost all question also dunno
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
Nthng much going on. Hey i vil not have msg cards anymore. This is my last 1.
Sir, i am waiting for your call.
Mje b usne mana kiya yar
Nvm. If can use then okay. I also don't have her num. Haha.
U knew how to walk?
Now am waiting in bus stop to there.
Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy...
I ended my relationship liao.... SOB SOB
Where did u read from?
Dolly chellam! That sounds so funny loll ask her to call you Dollykutti or something.. sounds better :p
Otherwise...
Wat the! Take vid of ya flips 2moro
Yes dear. Wat abt you?
Lols! I went to the art and science musuem yesterday and saw a display KMD
Happy birthday dad.
Help me record tis f4 show... Dunno which channel...
Hahaha that's why you should give away.
Call afte studyin
m recordin show ah... E sos one, if finish liao den u stop k...
Tq anyway w ur u? Need 2 know, w ur u from. Lanz.
He cfm ask me to do one loh. Sianz. The thing is only he knows theserver stuff now.. He did the comments already?
Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
LOL WHAT!!! Anyway I wanna go haw par villa!!!
Who is holding on to the past meeting de minute arh inside got a lotof question I tot?
mujhe yaad nai ha...sd ho hi ya ddr
ll see ü later!
Walgreens calendar
It s fake..
Hey... I booked liao... 2pm... So meet u at 145 at clarke quay station?
Yah yah as if i will believe.
Na bhai
Wat abt ma fly set.? Cant u sale it @ this month..
ok i dun mind
Yeah hahaha! It's alright hahaha! Yup Monday (: (: have fun with yourone hit ko!
Ha bhai jarur lena he.. N vit ka b.. Acnt numbr kyu chahye tha?
You in meeting?
Hw r u mate?
Ya. Why
Huh! So zhun! Ohh wells you not fated to see HAHA!
Are you awake?
U come at 130... I ok liao den call u ...
Dr. Rashmi Sama <+ <#> >,
Think so. Gt pple waitin. Muuuacks
Ok
Thanks see you tml.
Where u release Oo
Don't forget to pay meineke before u come home.
Hey yijue how are u getting there later.... We are meeting at 730 orchard mrt.
Eh u got receive my msg or not?
Haha ooo nice timing:O haha i'm going for the shangri la training!It's from  <#>  x.x I think I prolly need to go back home awhile, orelse I'll be carrying alot of stuff! ohh icic! Hahaha pig sia him!Hahaha why dun want gay him now??
Wah if take  <#>  really must walk damn far. I think u betterreconsider another route. I'm not going to take  <#> . Haha.
Al possible  <#>  mark quest. 4m whole syllabus s the portions 4 2days test in ss itseems!
No need ba... Hmmm Mon do relax stuff le
s Bday..Any suggestions as to what to get for her? Ü
Yup. Feeling ok after lunch. The rest went out for long lunch.
Hi!
Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
ok! take a rest dear
Yep.. but I met a friend and I don't wanna ditch her =(
U told to give xerox wen v give only na.v didnt giv xerox for us. Soumeya took xerox for everyone..anyway on thursday only unna thaught to take xerox.i came with u to volunter at 4.after that i thaught she would hav taken .but she didnt i dnt knw dat..
Remember to feed fighting fishes (more for female), terrapin andcheck on shrimps and flatfishes.
Haha won't lah lol... just dun eat the ba kwa =p
K leave i dnt want anythng.tel abt dat article
I don't feel like it :-) sorry
Nothing serious no need to reply
its rainin here.. more shiok to slp man! Ü dun need to find things to do le la.. we r goin out vry soon. go and slack for a while loh. Hehe
Im on the way home now anyway. XD
Haha.. ok.
Caw caw
hey where s you?whats you doin today?
Ya the brown one... cos the friction suck haha... yup 1 and a halflol... how is ur dinner today?
I didn consultd
but should be ok by 5 too.
Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
I saw amanda's post on your wall asking you and the rest to drink.. Pls don't drink hor.. Bad for health.. :)
Nope not so early.
Nope I got work.
Yup... try and it over it soon... I was v sad that time too...
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
Haha yup can.
I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude!
But I not sure wat info to put in yet. I jus buy corrugated board1st. BTW size is a3 rite
ll b bz 4 quite some time...
What for Lunch ma
Poh yu quan.  <#> .  <EMAIL>
Ok wait..i vl
Aiyo... All e nice place all close... So  where shall we go leh...
dun think i will be going school tmr, but herman is going to buy notes, maybe u ask him to go wif u
Which one Oo? Lols question 4 left blank
Nothing ra comig r not
Nothin la...We r juz lyin on e beach, starin into e sky lor...Lien is asleep liao...
So kind of u..ok, tke care..keep smilingB-), be happy no bp;-)..
Know what???
I'm back you can breathe now. But i dunno where to get them mosfets since that shop in the basement was vacated
I had hoped to get into semi finals... Now no chance liao... The onli gd thing is i got to burn lots of calories! Hehe. So, hows your day?
Ok!g eat le muaks
Ohh and I went with ryan, Timothy low and Hehao!
Yup 4 groups then. One gl one group
It depends on the languages I end up on =o
Los when coming back. Ur bag is here
Oi. Plz kotha bol na re. Plz. Tur bondhuke tui ki ek bar o maf korbi na. Phone ta tul na plz.
Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
Joey, Pg = Penang
We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
I dunno la... Say i nvr shop, i juz pass by... Aiya, can go internet n get e details wat...
:D I will haha omg huikang did hair extension XD
Hey let me know when on Friday... really looking forward to it! :-)
U still outside w friends?
Haha okay eh. I want to get shoe bag.
1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
<#> .
Result came ah?
I'll be home after The meeting.. Raining, cant really go home.. I'll stay in school to do work..
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
gudmorning. are you there.
Thks alot!
I won't anymore
Maths.. N apka ji?:-/
Yeah can already. How to prove that they cancelled eh.
I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
OK ASAP then. Thanks.
Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
Ill be there on  <#>  ok.
I sent out the consolidated list of unfinished tasks le. Check it outwhen free ya. Laura, add your part yourself ar or wait till scrum simcall u tonight.
Ok lor.. where u? If not late then I not <name> le rite
Haha... Then i go ur hse bai nian la...
Lol cos quota in school is free.
Haha depends on how you wanna go! Hahaha sorry make you wait!!
Post!
Kaun sa college, i'm at home.
Ahhhhhhhh did you call me atmy house yesterday? T.T
i sleep 1st le haha good night~
Haha chinese is just damn sian haha:/
Ya... Muz enjoy all i can now... Goin bk sch in august... Haiz... Go catch a movie lor, since u have leave...
Haha omg so cool!! Elder sis hahaha I dun like the idea:P I dun thinkmy mum will dun like you lah! So you just reached? What a pig!!!Hahaha I just met abbie, vivian and wensin! yeah my first dream wasnice^^ I think 我生病了):
YO YOU UP
Lol been coughing all night... how exciting was the lecture?
2min
m fine thanks
<#>
Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
Src third floor
Set cya!
so on? hee? later da bAO dinner fr Geylang. Mmm.NICE!
I am now
No..don come..m out
Right on brah, see you later
LOL WHAT THE. hahaha yeah i'm not too worried ah I was studying!Hahaha how was biochem!
ur wanna eat supper?
Okay... So how do you feel?
Haha im still on bus.
Kranji! Pooooooke my love
No were thru!
Emo no have channel
Hi Andreu,good morning. I cudnt talk 2 u again last nite. Baba didnt mention about the mater. I also didnt ask her. In that text he clearly points that he hasnt decided on anything firmly n hasnt set any time 4 it too. Can v let baba continue with such a person? In west,they decide n setle in their fortis n even fiftis. Until then they wud've had afairs with so many. Thru literature also its seen. Let God save baba. May God bles u.
Dunno lei... Ben juz ask... He neva say... Aiyo y she like tai tai like dat always play mah jong...
Oh happy dinner and happy study ba:p
Hey Allen I end at 5 too. You wanna meet up first?
Yeah for sure!
How de. She told aha.
Haha I dun get it! Keeps me at home? Haha yup on  <#> ! Yup I will (: (:
No lts/rooms available. No news.
I just finished my paper nia
Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
Oh i can meet you outside mah
Millian got some shit stuck on his butt... Clean it when ü wake up...
u still got the score screen I drew for u the other day?
That's different. We're not that close.
He didn't say.  I didn't bother to ask him yet. I thought he wouldhave at least offered to do that.
Hey hey.. merry christmas.. so what time is the christmas dinner tonight? who is going too?
Tell something
Oki my sweetest laogong!! Tata~
Lol and we were texting each other? =X im sorry lol
Dear I just ate lunch.. u eat le ma?
It was kinda unexpected that mr nus is the computing guy. Haha.
Kk
Hod came.
Dear Customer, .your account has been recharged with Rs . <#> , Amount payable is Rs <#>  Thank you.Reliance
Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
Bus stop waiting bus.
Few baby shrimps?
Thnx yaar
Okay. Then dont be late ah
Oooo you came realy fast...sleep well my pussy, i love you <3*
Hv u chekd with roshal abt 3rd wk. Pls confirm t wn u r coming4 practis at 6pm
Wat time u all watching e movie?
Whenever u decide to visit me I'll take u =D
Alright can.
Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
Coming down now.
Tmr scm students no need go pwa. Gp students will do their presentation tmr.
LOL!! Next time you have kids then you bring them there, then manyyears later you tell them it doesn't apply to them XD hahaha maybe!!I'm not too sure myself!! Hahaha what a pig Ivan!!!!! We send email??
Wow chat so long! Haha ooo I thought by the time I reply you reach bb liao!
Ohh omg so early! Chester is there too, he says he saw ms van liao!
What is wow.
Hi dear, any big problems today?  Hope everything is going almostaccording to plan. :-)
Our*
I nvr ignore ur prblms,i always try 2 solve tm.j2ta amar sadhyer mdhye..desires?
I think there's a nice jap restaurant there...
Hey i will be late...
Yes there were many sweets
Cool, what time you think you can get here?
When geting into auto let me kno.
Hello dear...good morning :)
Canteen
Transferred  <#> +4 (4 for Richik treat,  <#>  for gift )
i cant confirm wz u now.. Let u noe tmr..
Wa din say earlier! I shld have just go buy best fries... I nowchiong go buy le
Hehe!! My dad fetch ma!!!
Oops I did have it,  <#> ?
Haha it's okay, next time if I dun reply, check with me! (: haha Istill feel sian sian one, just now everyone keep coming in to talk tomy bro then wake me up ):
Tts rite
Oh ya... Was for maybelle.. Sorry.
Oh no sorry I'm attending a seminar now!!
Yes. 8 pm
Nw i has cum mre than  <#> ..
Tu pehle try kr
At cally house
hey, u wan watch disney on ice? my sis say can get tickets fwif 20% discount. The show ill be from 7 to 28 Dec. We buy the rm55 one lar. Her fren say not bad view...
Post! Perfect! They're both dysfunctional!
Ok!
Lol check email.dunno Lawrence get wat grade sia.
Hahaha highly unlikely!!! I'm too noob!
Ar..so i guess u go home quite fast?...can call me when u r goinghome from sports hall?...then i go to ur hse from vivo?...can?...
how about cs4242.
Leaving Nus now. Please start if hungry.  I cant find the bicycle keyin the car.
Ü going home soon?
Thanks:DDD
Buy short eats.
Ya semmaya!
Noted!
Lol saying that you lazy to buy yogurt? Lol
Btw, the job which i mentioned just now is this coming wkend. Rate is$6/hr at tampines mall. Fri got short training at GYP. Sat work from<#> am to  <#> pm. Sun is 9am to 5pm. Work under me too! Haha.
Thanks!
Okok. Sure she like it ar
Yea. Hey I can't seem to find the material science project.
Hahaha yes and you are supposed to be very tired! Lol alright I shantdisturb you le. Good night!
Hehe up to you!!!!!!!
Kaiez... Nvr forget la... But u will roughly end at wat time...
Too late da
Mr tan, can I meet you tmr at 9am?
I am, Okay.
Birds dat live beside d lake, wil fly away wen d lake dries up. Bt d Lotus dat grows in d sam lake, wil die wid d lake. Datz d comitment of true Frnshp Regards.
ok, so i still come ur house first to find wh rite?
t speak so hope tis nite shall b nice and sweet. Good Nite.
If they somehow got a tester to test on the spot, they wont find outthe problems mah, because you already told them the problems only willshow occasionally.
No lah I'm at camp that's why reply so late... don't think I willrmbr the dream but I love you anyways! Good night!
Haha ok, but i break until v xian liao. U take care also.
Lols no nid la. Thks!
Haha I bet simlim have lots.
K... No prob... I wan to c e fotos...
i watchin movie at 9 plus leh.. hiya, thk cant lor..
See ya  <DECIMAL> pm then!
Yeah he ndu.
^^     poke hahaha!!!!!
Haha:P thank you! *hug* haha okay (: sad haha I have no hostel tospend time in hahaha! Okay (: I'll drop you an sms! Should be about<#>  I think!
Where are u now?
Die will be late.stuck with MIS project.lol.
Umm I think restart bah.
Yay!
Ok sure!
Hey my lesson end at 6pm. So we meeting for dinner??
Yeeeeeeep"---------------------------------------------Msg 1985: from <be7224a0d4bffb0af6d2c073b353fcfb6b681be2d79e1662> , to<944baf87cb3baab20fd2a1ae0a918c3a> , "2013.07.04 03:52:04""Oh haha, well we're just hanging outside
Alright, love you too.. I'm going to berkeley to move Tuesday for afew days I believe just to let you know. What procedure?
Oh accept first. The payment can be done through bank later on mah.
s ok. Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
That's as bad as psycho religious people lol
No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
Hi this is alvin, jian ming tuition teacher. This is to inform youtomorrow will be the 4th lesson. The previous 3 lessons are on  <#>aug, 5 and  <#>  sept.
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Aldrine RM sales kerala TEL;CELL: <#>  X-CLASS:private END:VCARD
Home le bblp
Bhai  <#>  de sakta he kya abhi?..
Ye ye *    u know about it?
haha.. yea lor
Y so late still havent slp yet?
Call Andy and ask what you're having for dinner
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Ok^^ haha yeap i'm holding it now! My bro and grandma v slow haha!
Wha now already buy dinner? U got car then why dont u drive? Anyway i think i not bringing extra clothes. But duno wat 2 wear. Thought if we left early go out.
heee. Ya! Missed u and want to tell u I lub lub usoo much
Thanks... You went bangkok? Got buy anything for me... Hee hee... Today you no school?
Ah  <DECIMAL>  to  <DECIMAL> . Tonight got lecture on night sky from8 to  <DECIMAL> .
at expressway..
Why? Just go first. Im walking already
Wd  <#>  x2
t been captured yet
Haha wow super cool! The machine got torn off?! Haha just finishedbathing^^ first time i'm feeling hungry but my dad didn't buy anysupper back!
Nope cancelled le
U two outside le?
Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
Haha that's soon man.
Whoever comes to me cannot be my disciple unless he loves me more than he loves his father and his mother, his wife and his children, his brothers and his sisters, and HIMSELF as well. Whoever does not carry his own cross and come after me cannot be my disciple. Luke <TIME> , <#>  Praise the Lord!
search for Eypyt local tour package itinerary
Call me da, i am waiting for your call.
I just picked up my act aplication folder
Stuck in a jam
Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds..
Dear, slp le ma?
Oh forgot. I remember it being pretty far. Ask Swati
oye tune probability ke result ka pata kia ha?
Oh okay. Can. Anyway I called you last night, wanted to ask if youall could come back to help me. I cant handle it on my own. I toldgilbert about it already. So I hope you and kaixin can consider tocome back. Treat everything as fresh start eh.
Hey... Tonight go online at 10? We settle stuff for fri.
Miss u ??????????
Haha okay (:
hey girl! have a good rest b4 u continue with work. take care, nmerry xmas! :)
Btw smo also sure can't get anything.g de. Almost all question also dunno
Ya....after the meeting...next day i speak with prof seahfirst...wassup bro?...u want to quit oso ar?...
Yo! Rem to come for lab tmr:-)  no need bring anything rite?
Can..
Cuminm
Tell her I'm sorry but it will be here soon. Should I get the router or not
Hmm.. Okay, I'll see what is wrong..
Home
Pls send me your address sir.
I am killing mosquitoes...what u upto ?
Hahaha ah I see! No wonder I was just thinking how rare it is forpeople to say swing by :-P
Cos I thinking if this one de price still high I can sell my phoneand Itouch mah cos iPhone process dun depreciate that fast lol... hahasee how first fri then say lol... ya morning one
Can you lend me your science notes?
Come in the office and meet with me.
Hey, teck guan n me went to buy bks liao but i nvr buy all so when uwanna go still can jio me.
Ok la... Den mum and papa leh... V ask em dey wan anythin anot den msg me again...
hello
Caw caw
K
I'm going to buy a visor!:D
Haha im teaching you leh.
Just compltd record! Gonna sleep! U?
YES! lol
what's ankurs sg number?
Ahhh seems.like there's not much business LOL
Ok. Now walking to mrt, but going to rain soon.
Heyyy hows yercaud?
Hey no more crispy chicken, i help u buy grilled chicken.
Home le wir
Wait wait the barbell stuck in my abs
Ok thanks
Eh is Jeremy place not mine lol... take mrt then take bus 3 near themrt there... not interchange de 3
Ok. See u on sat then.:-)
He eat his lunch oredi...
haha oki
U eat already?
hooray..............university closed
Please start first. Only leaving now and need to get petrol.
THERE IT IS. DO YOU SEE NOW? best, he just said "now we know you likepink, next time going to get all pink for you!!"
Say wan u go home for e learning la. Tts all
Make them an offer they can't refuse. You're Italian aren't u?
Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
LOL. I CAME TO HAND UP CHINESE. AND MEET IRON LATER HEEHEE (:
Cause you're a jerk too!
Haha... Hmmm... Shant tell u...
Thanks for all your great assistance given today for the party. GBU.
Yeap I at home
Run cancelled
Hey gals, later u all got date? Wan 2 meet?
Congratulations we have achieved our target
Hahaha yuppp
Yup.
Hee. Ok!! I love u! !  Get home let me know. Ennjoy ur rojak, and sayhi to pl for me. :)
Dunno. Shld b bout same ba
E title of e book is harry potter and e order of phoenix... Got den buy lor...
Sree said that he'll send to us after his tut at 2pm. Then u take over. Can?
my sister is here todae.
K
Esplanade lor. Where else...
hi kate, can we meet at 2.30 instead at bk causeway point? Thanks
Sure. We'll see how tml? Most probably if we can't stay in e lab forlong, I can print one copy then we can photo copy or wat. I'm justworry then we can't find a place to print so i let u be mentallyprepared first. Haha.
I just got on the MRT, front most carriage
As in jio ppl go la
Soon. On the way.
K dear
My dear, good afternoon, i m going to eat then take bus to school, i m very happy that i can see u tonight!
Paiseh gtg first.U tk cr 2,dun bao ying bao shi,dun ovrwrk2,eat whn u muz,itz d greatst pleasure lyk slpg.Im goin bk 2 slp! Heez stay cutez bless ya good nite.
Hallu....
I that time also fever vomit. So shld be ba. I mayb go find yh or gymwif fren lo. U shld rest now la
Lol yeah what present we getting for her.
But casino always win money de T.T...
Nop. Probably end early
Ohh... Xm on xmas ave... Do well andy. God bless...
nvm la. Just a show. Anyway I just woke up. Hehehe? Eating McDonalds Big Breakfast now? My mom took e coupon 2 buy just now. 2day last day na ke cuo guo...
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we didnot sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."- Anne Bradstreet
Weesong I need you to take over the booth for ideawerkz. Because Idont know what to do for it. Tt say you know what to do already.
Hmm thinking lor...
Sooon.
Nw dnt keep me in ur mind.. Beliv that he is ur man. If im der in ur heart stil, it means ur luv z nt true... So b sincere.
ok lor
hahaha.. baobei so constipated just now.
I got art at 1. Aft running u can come SP wad
Go ahead and continue wishing!! I'll hope for your wish to come true kk:D
Byebye Ryan dear! Take case and have a safe trip home! (:
Hi. Actually my other engagement got cancelled, so if u want we canmeet later at abt 8 or  <#> . But if you or gong yan alr have otherplans then tmr is fine too. Sorry for the confusion!
i am traveling , will call you once i reach home
But i dun need to connect to da database... Shuhui online leona no...
Haven leh... So i thk might have to collect myself oredi...
:D
Erm think next time bah, cause I just finish dinner still quite full.
y?
Heh alright you too! Good night! :-D
Oh. No leh she's still quite alert. Can tell my parents who to giveang pow to after she die...
Huh... How big... Hmmm... Mayb late afternoon lor...
Haha yes you should!
Really how much...
Haha not really my case is before only lol.. after is everything alsocan cos free le lol unless is go study for another test then veryheadache lol... oh ya hor! U go login now and see if can cancel!
Cos I was thinking Sunday meet and discuss math answer if u r in pasir ris lol
Hi.. Can I get your ear phones for a while.. I will give them in few min..
Yup i driving in. Its 2 bucks a person n per car. I have bk a hotel rm at rasa sentosa
I got tell ü before ma.... Got one lady keep stalkin my father... She called today den i wuz like quarrellin wit her on de fone... Anywae nite... Tc
how can i know?
Kisse?
pore quite peaceful lor than may b next time u must come over here to have a look lor.
We xmas eve then come back leh. Wun paiseh la they also friendly one oso. Go tog la
Oh... Lk tt ah... U not joinin 4 dinner meh...
Gymnasium!
ll be busy tis coming wk. So wana do some wk first.hmm,nex wk?
Hi Richard, this is mr kan whom you called today.  I've emailed theIC to  <EMAIL>  please let me know if there are any problems.
Wanna collapse le...
Ok saw le.
Zah now
How r u... Goin to ns soon...
Ok! Wat time? BTW I got torch light for u
The best things in life are free
LOL YES MY DEAR WIFE HAHAHA TO MAKE UP FOR ALL THE AFFAIRS YOU HADDDDDDD
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
Lol it started after u quit!
Ohh okay! I wanted to ask what's there to fill in heehee:P
Ya right. You know you left something at my house again?
Gussa sant ho gaya?
LOL WHAT DID SHE SAY
Can apply for lol account transfer liao! Got free skins b4 9 jan
ya lor ... wat else can i do ..
Lol lateeeeee.
Caw caw...... catch up on GoT!!!
Dododo~~~
Oh okay! I find I aft tt?
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
Wcp. U? How's yh
Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side <#> street road and turn at first right.
On the train in 3 min. Miiiiiss u so much!
No. Learn to understand intentions.
m watchin w my frens oredi... Paiseh...
Hmmm all report all those is it? Wa sianz since when got a reviewsia... nvm lo take Sunday!
Bhai kal jo tne adres di usme col0ny sukher he na?
Why the sad face?
Buffet!!!!!
I am back.
No.. coz that day he say he meeting u. Then I tell him if u 2 meetcall me along. Coz I also wan to see u both.
Bhai tu kisi aise ko janta he jo credit crd use krta h0
Nabei so close ur hse still late
Only jm and vanessa not going
Macdonald 1 for 1 I buy double mcspicy eat already now my stomach churning.
Yup!!! Haha yay! Lol I feel like a bodyguard hahaha lee siak cheonggave me a box of ferrero rocher to give to the class then got extra,everyone keep looking at me during chem to ask for it hahaha!!
Nope... Thinking of resting for a period first b4 looking for one...
ok..ready..will go in an hrs time :D
Many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are
Yes! I'm an expert.
U wan wad koi? I going clementi soon.
Hi for the circuit qns just now, since V=E-Ir, the plot gradient = r.When we find using 2 points previously, they r the same method, andgives  <DECIMAL> ohms as answer. I also derived the proof for R=r, butits quite long. For part c, just use  <DECIMAL> / <DECIMAL> . d) readfrom graph. e) challenge assumptions, resistance in wires etc. f) findemf from y-intercept, or using the 2points. I cant rmb the rest of theqns.
Oh my word. Connor and Craig are a fantastic influence on you
Haha what really really! What happened to your chin!
Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
Okay you happy jiu hao. :)
PGP or noc room?
Hey peeps go play captain ball
Heee!? Tml can see each other le!!
Hokay
Well done! Infinite more to go! :P
ll msg u to kp u informed lor...
I thk ü send wrongly...
ve sent ü my part..
SO U WEARING TIE?
Yup... Everything... You can ask the instructor stuff
dear, after test gt lecture?
I going earlier. Scared later miss soh SIS climb
Yeas going up 1st
Taxi
Haha thanks Xiuwen! You're the first to msg me haha! Hope you're doing well!
P beta tore maja ja, mai h khekhuwat haun.
Oh fingers crossed then. I mean central forum. I don't like theaircon Cl that much...
I go hl hse eat.finner.den come home
Ya good. Thanks.
No way I'm going back there!
Oh? Evening eh okay.
Hmm later tell me if u gg
Btw is my h1cl textbook with you? I can't find it D:
Heh okay. I also waiting for bus eh.
Oh ok.. I'll contact them.  Btw, thanks for arranging the meetup. :-)
Uhh vietnam 5 june to  <#>  june so end one day earlier or smth
Bout 6
Appeal for tutorial can only be done after iteration 2 which ibelieve is after this wed,  <#> th jan. Btw, u know ssb <#>  classstarted last wk right? Haha.
am not feeling well come to my home
Nokia 7250 without trade in $719...
Ok (:
Uni life is gd. Can meet lots of guys.Haha.Im onli busy wif self study and soccer.I dun juz go out wif ANY gal...  ;)  so ü muz be quite free nowadays rite?
6pm at ourspace.
Waa.. Nice, with?
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
Lancome:  lcm foaming cleansing gel, combination to dry skin...
K.W.SHYAMALEE THUSHARA, <#> /1,AGURUWATHOTA PARA,WEWALA,HORANA. *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Cannot extend? I think that's the focuser problem.
I arranged the code for u don worry 'l give at 4
Mean yes but the best course if action
LOL HOW WAS IT. WENBO AND SHAOXIONG DID HAHA.
What are you doing the saturday of the  <#> th?
Today ü got go out ar.. Or stay at home ar..
Ok
Oh okay. Watch for lynette and polaroid for yx eh? Since lynette willbe using both XD
You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
Near room wait
Haha but you didn't have to take bio paper so got more time! ):
Haha.. Ooo, nice.. I'm tired too lor, and I'm not home yet..
No need to consider lah. I cfm don't want de. Haha. Each       of u buy meone souvenir can liao. Haha.
Oo.. if I feel like giving then I will get a present no matter whathe says.but if he dun want presents, can always treat him to ameal.:-)
No, I have moved to  <#> , west coast road, # <#>  near west coastplaza. Will be easier to meet there..
YEAH I WANT CHEM TOO. got chem modules leh but did anyone getnominated? Haha work harder!! I also died damn sian:/but exams endingle so I don't really care!
Yeah are you having dinner at your ah ma house?
Lol leave me alone!
Where to get those?
Good
Dont know will prepare until how long eh.
Lol wah thanks alot haha actually I had my dinner le sorry! Heh weare at blk  <#>  lvl 3.
Any year now
Hehe maybe:P i'm gonna reach at  <#> !
merry chirtmas
Oh ok ps busy
Hey, i'm asking this on behalf of gaowei. What grades did u n yammyget for mno <#>  ar? Haha.
Haha xD
re meeting at 7 pm at esplanade tonight.
Hi Andreu,as baba gets down give a ring n cut. May God bles u.
hmm. so wat the rest of them say?
im home..
wat do u want to learn ?
Tonight try ba. If can't then gotta injure its prey 1st den feed :/
Haha I thought what your hao jie lol.
Life s good man.. I am usually on gtalk lol that's why.. will catchyou sometime
Petey boy where are you me and all your friends are in the Kingshead come down if you can love Nic
Ok leh normal normal hahaha.interview leh.hahaha.
Haha think so.
Darling. I will be llate just woke
mayb 7 plus.. u want to eat first?
Ohhh
dear, i think u go read up on sessions. mihht help. bt tmr then seek. hee. lv. u.
Ok Thanx
Lols okay. Plan wad
Ya cus I dun wanna stay in chalet do nothing.
0k thn y dnt u mark it as shipd
Now ryder
Looks like insects gave him lotsa protein eh
Hihi weitieng >< sorry I won't be going today:/ my mum doesn't let mego :/ sorry): ):
Can I call you now?(:
This isn't funny :'(
Latr.
k
It's weird right, that we found this fairly obscure field super youngand it's literally the best thing in the world lol
Eh im not a secondary school student nor a teacher.
Lol well see if that works
aiyo.. then how come i call u u dun wanna pick up? hehe..
Ok. After your exams?
Ok! Ehh but you want me buy now ah, will it spoil?
See ü mike Elaine remember to sms at my num.i got to go.see ü all...
Poke poke poke ~ haha once ms lee finish the briefing and leave allhell gonna break loose haha._.
K.haha I end at 4.slowly travel there oso ard tat time.
Y lei?
your parallel computing is hot property... better increase points now
t turn up last nite. Doing laundry now.
Haha! Bet she GE a badass now. How was tioman?
Guailan ar. Sianz so tired may I gym a bit only
Ki re ki krchs?
Provided u provide the name of the person!
Sweet! I'll check it out!
Hey, can help to pass msg to leonard, ask him don't be too formalleh. Coz i came out le and i just wear jeans b shirt. Haha.
Yarrr, you don't know meh? It's at orchard!
I don't have their number.  If they can go down today, can you callAlicia to ask the neighbors to prepare for the specific time that theycan go down?  Please call her.  Thanks.
Whr r u
Yeap
Haha >< I have such assn awesome boyfriend really >< haha I dunno! Hesay he never hear htoo say that, and he was wondering how htoo knowweiren!
When will you come back to PGP roughly?
Bring thumbdrive 2moro! Thks
You left your wallet in cfa. . I have it. Please collect tomorrow.. Ill be around sheares till noon
See u soon
Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
2 guys love 1 girl, brother sister qiong yao sort
His bday real is in april .
Fine
Hey sorry man just woke up.. are you awake?
Not joining them? No la, I'm still here..
Haha, haven pack everythin yet... Still decidin wat jacket to brin... Bet u finish ur packin liao...
Haha that's what I do XD no need to wear it often mah lol
No... I'm still quite sick :(
Emo*
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
Msg 1491: from <df501e0b21bc88cc1e464dd95bf722da8865851c93267498> , to<3f28549208ed23e1a409ec3a79628cfa> , "2010.11.21 10:08:39
Haha! Yeah... U wan come along?
Sure no problem.
Yar lor... How u noe? U used dat route too?
i knew that arsenel will win this match . I am happy
Oh yeaa!
m still waiting for wei yi...
Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
I type msg halfway*
Dude check out when we start tomorow if you are at home?
Yup I finished at  <#>  haha! Sorry I hope it won't take too long!
Pk tml u free  <#>  to do eg?
Hi good afternoon. Please note that there will be no vocal classes this Sunday the  <#> th. I will see you again on the  <#> th. Tc n bye.
But. Ur. Frens. Going. Le
Thank you for the news.. :)
I sitting at e back of e circle stage...
Ur frnds took video of vignesh's talk!
Yeah, sorry lol
Jeeeeffffff
I going free and easy but only today till 1pm. Yea any cadet'sproblem is the president's problem! Count on us
im in a clz
No probs! Spend some time to dedicate the semester to God, and have a good night rest! See ya soon!! =)
god bless you
Lame
!!!
Hey, can i go n get my matric card back from u in half an hr time?
dillon chew wei xuan,  <EMAIL> , <DATE>  <#>
Yea comecomecome
LOL SO CUTE. Say you're undead!
Hi Jace, dinner on today? What time should I he there?
Nope just that it's the same. It's like forming a sentence together.
Gud mrng
In PGP?
Say him tat u luv him / her.. Tats a gud way..
Hello.... How have you been? Can i ask ü out to lunch tomorrow?
Alright. I'm on campus til 7, I could grab it from you if you want
Nice try!
2 np lic key plz send on this number Raviyog Peripherals Yogesh
Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
Lols Sry manz bout 8 reach hostel :/ go train
Miss eu dipx dipx! Muack*
Lol like alot at sim hor.
Lol dots I tot wah so fast meh tmr.chey.lol.ok ok.
to or kya?
Gay one? Ok
Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl.
Wheres my droid
Soooop
Mm so you asked me not to call radio
I will be at yo place with the hard disk around 1pm. Be at home.
Long q. Want me to order?
i'm at sr3..
Oh wow. Thanks. Can you tell Shevawn I have rehearsal from 8 to  <#>? Thanks dude
Eh no lol I waiting for Jeremy lol
Ohh it was at  <#> , I wanted to get up at  <#>
m having lunch now.
Hahaha okay dont consider any further. I shall wait for you here. XD
Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way
Hihi sorry late reply! Yeah what time will you be in sch tmr?
Join u all later. I'm doing legal proj.
Send it on over!
Hey... good luck! Must tell me the result later...
Haha... Okie... Enjoy ur first nite k... Nitez...
How is it?:-)
Good afternoon, my love. It was good to see your words on YM and get your tm. Very smart move, my slave ... *smiles* ... I drink my coffee and await you.
I know got one person bif  <#>  over pts right?
better. slept at 11 after american idol
Lol i just woke up only.
God is great
Hai ths s vino,pls send jerome num.i lost all my phone contact.pls
Got 2 girls want to back out.
Ahhh I not free eh :(
Genki got other places.. There like a bit out of location..
Yea. U got watch damien walter? And livewire their handstand andflips too sick le
Fineeeeeee hahaha I don't want to go training ):
Quite ok recently, nothing much. Wat abt you? How was yr trip?
Oh  <#> th to  <#> th march.
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Lols I signed up too I tink
Aaooooright are you at work?
Yeah damn sian. She going back shangri la to find later! Haha coz mycoach bday last week, so cut cake for him! Haha haven't just about toleave sch i'm so late:x oops sorry I type wrongly, its supposed to beyou paying!
I saw kent n xian kun's names in IS <#>  proj management leh. U'renot going to pang seh me lah hor? Haha.
Heee. Ok. Left marsling le
S
Can check what is my Gapbuster password
Is the gym not free?
She dun believe we are together.
Co, Dhoby Ghaut. Spouse attendance required to confirm number of seats to reserve. Ü See you guys later!
Hahahaha gd sia 3 in 1 SMS.
I'm not sure where yet, I'll text you when we get there.
Dearie bblp, I loove.lllooove u so much. Muuuacks!!
HI CAN I HAVE MY SMILEY FACE BOOK BACK LOL
Could very well be. :-) Any place else you'd fancy going?
Okie. Veto clem though. Harborfront?
t had time to join friendster yet. Sorry for replying late, was sailing jus now. Hm, guess movie either run down or the park..
Ps I mean I dun wan individual. Sry! Grp de I wan!
Mei suddenly say she dun wan go, den i oso dunno ur frens ma... Tmr confirm earlier hor...
Nice! Wanna text me when you're done?
Serious?
Like that no choice lo..Hehe..Help me to greet ur sis happy bd..Sat go book my basic with me..Can ma..Hehe....
Haing ur lunch? Tmr where u want to have dinner.
i will be cookin bacon and eggs tomorrow morning. will you be back in time for them? hee hee
Riiiiight
No it's not. Religious people denying certain scientific facts likeevolution or the big bang or something are dumb and illogical and Ican't respect that either, but religion in conjunction with sense isfine... People like Justin likely don't think they're literallyreading Christ's flesh, and I'm not arguing for every religious personout there... lots ARE batshit insane,  like my grandma "healing mewith the power of Jesus", trust me I'm not defending that
m home...
Hey timetable out!
my email is  <EMAIL> ..
after sendng email miscal me
K
say gd morning to u..
I also taking the leadership mod mah. Mno <#> . But can't bid now right?
Lols they noe la. But jus warn only
Haha I think it's okay ah! Not too sure leh! Haha oh no then how! Soyou're playing now? Haha yeah coz got the lesson thing._. Haha mygrades dun look too nice!
Moji just informed me that you saved our lives. Thanks.
Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
LIKE NOW
<#>  :-)
It feels fantastic! And it's so nice out
1 min
Haha sorry!!! I was busy with sc meetings!! Then go home v tired,crash on the bed XD are you in sch?
Not i like yellow, cos white like 2 plain, then shuhui e cheerful type so choose yellow lor...if dont like can change...wat color u want
Lols I got palm size stringray! Dam big
Rly? Went tis morning he nt there
Y team training same no training per week? 2moro morning u free to gym?
Ya, my tai tai life gona end in a month time... Sob... Old bird?Haha...Only bz w soccer meh, not goin out w gals ah...
We where got 5 ppl
Shao Tao: <EMAIL>
Oh no sorry I just received this coming now!
I'm asking him now... but it's most probably java ba
No ah got SMS ah.but dunno confirm or not hahaha ok.
Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
Oh.. Ya. Above  <DECIMAL>  can liao. Haha. U shld have expected herto ask for your results right. A leopard nvr change its spots. Haha.Anyway, it's over lah. I meant the results for last sem. So don'tthink too much lah. Like that then got room for improvement bah. Iffirst sem v gd, then become lousier, i think u'll feel more depressright..
Haha.. I am working on qber. Will sleep soon :-)  what time is boarding?
Happy new years!!
Some hot guy!!! Rafael Nadal!!!!!
Eh jos ah... Wed n thurs... Which day can u meet up?
Remember to get receipt eh.
Pw  <#>
Shd i leave?era ki baje mne krbe?othrws i cn stay
Bro Pls notify me after u bank in.
Ehhs yeah.. o.o abbie say one o.o but izzati not free so! Oh I justrealised we have the  <DECIMAL>  hours break on mon, how about that?
Got arh I solo so many song T.T... so ke lian u must cook honey lemonfor me lol... wa lol they din Chase u all arh so good... then earnback the change Mic time lo lol
Comin back 2nite?
HappyDiwali
I dun believe u. I thk u told him.
Efrts r nevr Wasted.. Evn if they lead 2 Disapointng results, cos they make us Mor Stronger n Experienced.GUDNT - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Brother if you have aunty Florida's home tel no please send it to me. Thanks.
It's fine xP
Sorry haha>< so did you meet any new ppl?
Check online. Gimme ur bib no. I help u check
Trigo identity, double angle formula.
AB choti behen ko manana padega kya, mai tripti ke karan upset tha
Shiok got apple pie to eat
It's a scary kind of buff!
In my humble opinion hor, I think your summary for BoA is too long. Ithink u just briefly talk abt what is masternet, don't really likesummarize the case as in the problems etc. Metalica one is fine so dosomething like that when u free bah. I've pasted them over to googledoc so u may want to amend there directly.
LOL. anything!! Next week as in after next sat is it? I have chineseon tues and fri aftnn! Other than that i'm free!
Lol sitting behind abit far away.hahaha.
Hahaha that is how I got addicted to this game... I must say it'squite an effective model albeit a pain
I'm at kinokuniya should i get any artbooks
-.-
Kk
Come down
Definitely. I'll go fucking tomato cray
Bro.. Pls call me back..
Wow that's damn gay haha! Eee got another one?? Yuck!!! I bathe le! (:
Lols I going back put stuff later. U wan eat anything
CHRIST want to chat anot?
Not yet! It's pretty darn close, but it needs to be down absolutelycold by tomorrow
I need comm members to be here this friday
hee okok! gt dessert confirm want. thankeeew!
Oei can reply or not
Sure no prob
Waa emo. Where u now
I vote for jiahua fren one....need to read thru properly to addresssome simple grammer mistakes....
Where  r u ?
Hmmm... I have to ask my dad abt e insurance lor... Ur signin up?
Kk
Pig i'm sick))))))))):
Oh lol happy new year! Happy studying in ntu!
Oh it was supposed to be shucks not sucks LOL.
Wooow enjoy ah hahahha
Here
Ya
There is a next one? OK sure, I ll do it fully. How do we submit next one?
oki.. see u at com 1 later
With breakfast n massage
Yes....you too believed it?
We going woodlands later! Are you free later?
HI DARLIN I FINISH AT 3 DO U 1 2 PICK ME UP OR MEET ME? TEXT BACK ON THIS NUMBER LUV KATE
Yeah! He said Jorah sucks at Dothraki
Call jm.
Huh?
Hahaha dunno leh I haven't reach woodlands! LOL what did I plan:P
Mr lee I do not take bio
Hahahah yes of course! I will come back on the coming Friday. :D
Lol yx never go find you meh.
Pls call me for 2 mintes da.smthng 2 ask.no net so pls wn free
wwww just realized I'm really eating murtabak on Murtabak Monday
Haha why need to warn me? Is it a bad thing? Haha must pull ah!(: soulmate!^^
That'll be a mystery forever!
Obj res wala do msg mai bheja hai?
OK coming in 5
Hi Yeng Chin, I received it. Thanks for doing it.  That resolves it.
I paid using my debit card first...later just return me  <#>  dollarscash lor...or  can ask sis to ibank transfer to me oso can....now justwait for ica mail..
babajee control ka guess hi bata dain
Yeap! Ps my phone went flat! OHH SORRY! I haven't been to fb in forever!
Achha...
Mayb.. If u luv hr sincrly u hav a chnce
It happens always only na.i am used it..
I used to score highest in school in geog, its more or less amemorizing subj. Nv taken f&n b4, but sure sounds a lot to rmb aswell. Like I always say, sci n maths don't require any memorizing, getthem right, then u have more time to dedicate to your weaker subjs.Well, its still hols, so enjoy 1st!
Haloooo.ur it outsourcing module got group liao not ah.wan group together not?
Which plan?
Apparently Bhatia had 3 shots tequila and 3 shots vodka and didn'tget high.. zzz
Lol ya considering still.like abit not here not there.lol.
Where are you now exactely?shall we wait for dinner?
take marketing next sem?
Huh no chem! Chinese got notes what o.o haha her voice is nice (:haha all the songs they play now so foreign to me hahaha
White, beard, glasses, medium brown scruffy curly hair, maybe 5'8
Huh what?? Dun understand! Circle line track has signal boosters!!!!
In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Hey sorry late reply, I couldn't find the magnet you wanted abs theshops were closing so I bought handphone holders, 5 bucks each! Si youwrite your own card and I write mine? Alrights can!
How u know? Haha.
Only once then after ill obey all yours.
Go eat k Dar muacks
I was on the bus dey. Lol
No.. Wat did u do ?
Tmhra kya haal chal hai?
Later. Will let you know. Else tomorrow morning
Haha alright sure.
Y
Eh y leh? Lol...
Hi.
what's up men..!
Haha partially. That woman irritated me at a wrong time lol
Should be 2pm open..
What time u going later?
Completed daa assign di come
I think dailymotion.com has it. I got the link from kpop.com haha.
s rm later
I didnt say u to nt talk her
Okay
Hey tmr lets meet  <DECIMAL>  at holland v. The buffet is only from 5to 7pm, because last order is at 7pm. Dont be late alright, so see ya!:-D
Mr leong, are the forms and money ready for collection?
Alright, we're all set here, text the man
Jack submitted the report to ta already.
i like to see that
Took lot of phots too...
Dear where you. Call me
Whole sg. Just flash electronic coupon on phone. Google.
Umm wanna meet today or sth? Sorry late reply yesterday my phone washaving probs!
me 25 male chi workin s a manintenance technician.than hw abt u MR JOE?
I've been sick since last week! Was getting better ytd but then atnight suddenly got dry cough omg just die!!! hahaha take photos!
Alright, sent
On my way
Hey can send me ur full name email and year u born in? Thks
Sorry i'm having lessons now, cant answer ur calll. Either somewherealong the green or purple line?
Wat's your msn? I created a new acct. Haha.
Yeiyei finish alr? Hmmm mmmm
wah liew! wun lah u  watch, then  some guy join in
Showering dammit!
Okay!
And if you wanna meet for dinner, meet at orchard mrt 6pm. We will beeating tomyum/curry at dont know where. :)
Ahh no no. Telok blangah.
Electron donating group
s e question about? Chapter 8 rite...?
Yeah but who!!! LOL. foreseeable suan much!!
The gas station is like a block away from my house, you'll drive right by it since armenia ends at swann and you have to take howard
ll be a bit late sorry to keep u waiting
First of all Happy New year n God bless you. Just to let you know dat ill b strtn vocal classes 4d new year strtn 2moro 2nd Jan  <#> . Tc n all d best once again
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
Haha yup. Got new helpers volunteered. ^^
Not yet. U OK wife it?
Wahahahah! Super typo lol... nono is "the" screen lol how did it getauto corrected to gruesome lol
Nothing:D woohoo have you done reflections?
Yo! Going to turn of my phone liao, bye bye! See you next week:Ddon't need reply! (:
Must inform Mr soh le
Haha. U tell him lor.No la I'm changing church after I grad. So wanna leave in peace haha
see ya...
Hahaha im outside le sorry
N filter at LAB how much you know?
When ll you come:-)
Okok wait who else going?
K.
U come this aft? What time?
Ya strong and brittle. Like glass. *piang* haha okay l support you inthat. Don't just talk cock hor
yup.. should be free.. why?
Need how many hours in all
very cham, I no mod to take
Yeah in hostel already. Just made my bed and boiled the water. I feel sad that I failed to appreciate it enough.
Just glad to be talking to you.
Hhahaha why suddenly hang. You view your own pictures too much eh.
Camp bah. I need to schedule out a 3 month long plan for activities,hopefully I will be able to carry out eh.
Eh I tink we all 3 going le u apply leave also
Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
Hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
U study 'l talk later
Haha^^ I mean if I meant it, your house will be on fire now! Haha gostalk yourself!!!! :P Hahahahaha no la smu so freaking far dun want!!
K..Cyå..At e lt.
Sorry Ricky, I don't understand your message.  By our accounts, westill had remaining credit from you which we used with azora.  I don'tthink we own u home and money. But will be happy to discuss with you.
Then any suggestion?
sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up
Wheres my droid
Orh! I miss u le la.
I will be late. Sorry
Lol
No.no.i dont think so.
Why sad. I mean wat he tell u? He got grumble abt me hee... I busy lah, but wanted 2 buy wk clothes but now go out w him i also cant shop.
Yea tt time exam period den nvr feed water for 3 days. Yup glen lamesia rear terrapin...
Haha sorry I will be arriving late.
Lets go for dinner i am feeling angry!!
Yup eat le
Mr tan, I have received this semester's cca point as advisor. Can Ireceive it as the president instead?
Lol it's just another platform for stalking
I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
You've seen less eyecancer than me, trust me on that.
Oki
hehe, but more importantly, my window seat!!! Haha really? Okay then! (:
E learning got wad
Dar not done yet huh
If so, can you try logging in again after logging out? Ramc patchedsomething when we uploaded the changes.. so it should be fixed
I'm so stressed :(
No. They bound to tease at us, so just let them tease lor.
Yeah hard to walk and talk with this.phone.
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . RCD is  <#> . CHN is  <#> . YPB is 2. WPBis  <#> . From ulu pandan cc.
Pfft I been drinking since this morning!
Ok. He's sleeping now. Will pack with the beer.
No tell u later u kan chon
Oh omg thanks! Sorry my aunt haven't reply._.
Hmmm. Can la jus give ur best for the tickets
oh ya babey
Night night sweetheart. Lg go slp le. Muacks. Manage to solve ol3test cases haha nd code one helper progrm. Ding ding. Love u lots.
Jeez I'm gonna be late
Thanks a lot:)..
Aunty, how was ur day? weihao just left my house. :-)  coming home now
:D why is the train ride taking so long!!!
Nothing dear
你们打得怎么样啦？我们已经开始看演出了。牛牛很喜欢，目不转睛。
Haha home le! I replied you on msn^^
Hi practic this friday at 6pm.Pleas b present&on time.shehan wants 2 finis by 8.inform dos u kno.tc
Well done.
Lol dont worry la.
<#>
Yes. We walking as well. No buses tomorrow either :(
Hey pple... Cant meet ur to shop, cos watchin movie... After my movie den call ur to c if ur still ard...
I watching movie at  <DECIMAL> am, haha
ya lor. Gosh. I feel so embarrassed now... 2 hours without realising leh.... I hope nobody noticed... Damn paiseh.
Agar agar. 2nd floor?
I think he was slacking in bed LOL. just happen to contact him thengo together lor!
Wru
I'm a fish <>< no la still drifting. Maybe 5 min more?
Hmm.. Yes can pull up one especially after u cleared those killermods. Haha. Breadth mod ar, i also not very sure. I haven't look intoit yet. CORS also hasn't start, no need so kan chiong lah.
If so, tel her 2 cal me.
Its ok..come to my home it vl nice to meet and v can chat..
Lol I also... I at biz le 1 min more I reach the lab le
s me. Kind of miss u today...
hate her! shes so bossy. she tinks shes a manager or sumtin. cant stand her!!!
Just sorry lol
Haha I want to sleep somemore! Yeah watching some hk drama! V cute!
<#>
Thanks a lot. Really appreciate yr help.  :)
I anything...Hehe
Lols going arp talk
Ya, im at home 2rw.. Bt girisha s havin anothr assignmnt to submit 2rw.. Wht abt mondy?
If ur nt talkin means dnt attend d cal.always lyk dis itself ten paise going..nw  <#> rs only
Good!
Wait for him reply lo. BTW I tis week only Tues thurs nid go. Mymentor overseas
Lols ps I can't
Okay.
Mini project. And course
Haha sounds good! It was nice talking to you!
I'm not sure, I was just checking out what was happening around the area
Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday <3
Call 67451337 4 e paya lebar clinic...
I opened the email,but the image isnt in.
Ya sure.  Please structure it
Hi JOY can intro pls?
Wan go sundown marathon?
m slacking here lor...had diarrhoea thou... hee eh gelek did u record my show?!! Haha
Latest 5
Google search is da best search engine in da world. Even it beats da sites inbuilt searches
Ok same place n time.
too much tired want to sleep.
On my bus back
Where got! Lols he mohawk
ll discuss wif xy da time we going down...
madam ka kya mood ha ab
Yes :-)he played really well under pressure:)
Woww hahaha so this is like revision for you! Liwei is so awesome!:D
Merry X-mas.may ur lf fill with joy and harmony.hv a nz day
ya.. so u both can agree
So jialatz ah. K la. I tell them... U rest well. Tmr c!!! ?
hi there
Lol no choice leh gonna be in camp during round 2...better be safe first lor
Ok thanks.  We're almost done with laminate selection and need tohear your opinions on them.  See you tomorrow at the new house.  PSany problem with the cream colored bathtub on the 2nd floor MBR?
Nope. Tmr then have
Boss,Wanted to intimate on my visit to Qatar tonight in search of an apt opportunity after leaving TATA AIG. Look forward to your guidance and patronage.respectful rgds,Rakhesh Kerala ex ipru Rural.
Me now at suntec
Taking so long to sms
Post! "Maybe I'll give you dragons randomly! Or incest!"
Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The "sleep on a couch" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?
helo 1na chat with me?
Yeappppp! finally home yay!!!
u got cash card w u now.. xin wan to photostat something..
Right?! I hope that dude want just overshooting because that's AWESOME
So 2moro go sch at 2?
Thanks!!!
Ya. Cd
Sorry mr tan, I called to settle some problems, but im alright already :)
We have to inform her b4 if we r goin..
Tts rite march  <#>  we go club
Going for  <#>  min massage.  Done around  <TIME>
Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
Ya tel.
Aloha loyang
Where are you now?
In dad car. Why le
Memory space ws full,tai sms jchlo na.took time 2 del.han xam wl b ovr n tenth,so i l leavng cz nxt da s my bday,in cse u dnt knw
NOT ENUF CREDEIT TO CALL.SHALL I LEAVE UNI AT 6 + GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?
its good that u r willing 2 talk 2 us abt it. having gone thru a similar thing myself, i try to remind myself now that things which are out of my control
Ya..i tot i had it...but cannot find it liao...ur not early is wat time?...
Do you need any lesson tmr?
re the 2nd last team in that time slot. Coming? :)
Are you online
m home safely. thank you so much guys... you guys are the sweetest!
Hahaha I help you look out for it.
Stupid.its not possible
Hahah you know what lynette wants?
Haha I also haven reply lol... dunno wat to reply leh
Get ready for  <#>  inches of pleasure...
Okay I may be late eh. =x
Omg cheer me up. We bought too!  Who help u buy
ü come and join us later? What time will ü be done?
Yeah finally set off._. He was playing some game then keep on dowanbathe! Then tried to put the blame on me say I was sleeping, but didhe take the chance to go bathe when I was sleeping? Stupid pig. Ahhsave the money!!!! Haha really ah omg. I will bathe at least once aday no matter what! If I sweat then I will bathe more!
Yay. Paper can mostly do. Haha.
Where r u?...u reach lt already?
a white lie man can do any kinds of worst work
She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
U still havent got urself a jacket ah?
HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!鈥┾??〨ud evening...
Gymming lols too long nvr go le
Studyn.
Hey we buy wad for cca
Maybe next Thursday, but I will let you know beforehand.
orh........lasttime  like she got such a big group of  friends. then now only like she alone liao
I'll be at robotics for robocup preperation. Sorry.
m in e car liao... Cant send u...
Hey, your SSB <#>  is which timeslot?
If he windwos is bricxcc, same website so just dl everything
im home already,disi went amore for classes.see u on thurs.
Hug hug hug!
Hey andrea, btw, i've asked chau hong to tell u his matric num so ttu can include it on the front page. And can u kindly change our namesto full names. Our full names can be found in ivle tut grp in case udon't know. If u've problem printing the report, do let me know ya.Thanks ar for doing the final touch up!
OK sure
Ok just nice i going out to buy for my mum too.
Hahaha probably not bah. Im going to ah ma house later.
Sec-c, Q4. Note on kashmir issue. Sirf headngs bhj de
s ER,  lysosomes and mitochondria related to factory?
hai da... see u tommorow
Too long never go:P
Ok! I take winter melon at home. Weihao reached home?
Whhhhaat? Really?
Thks
Dear still sleeping? I go bathe.. tell u first so u know why cannotreach me.. tight hugs for my boy!! Hee:*:*:* kiss u GD morning
Eh buay sai.Wed got thing on liao.lol.
Hi there?
No preference.Update me whn u decided
Sweet
Eh ya lol. He jc leh.
Wotz ds?
Post!
Haha okie... wth lo the whole computing is full! Can't even find aplace to study!
i am going with her
Do we need to study supernova ie from page 87 to 90?
Any luck?
ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Dun hand in chem!
Ya...
Eh no wth haha come.in lab find me
Ok aunty, u so late then sleep! I will sleep after doing my work.nite nite.
Right? I was just thinking that, like when you started callingyourself Okhdesi
Next week 1 3 5 free. Sentosa on any one
<#>
U not at home?
Hi Val, Shweta has dance class till 9. Would that be too late for you?
s nice here...
Free slots, time indicated is when I can reached tutee house: Mondaywhole day. Thursday 4pm and onwards. Friday 7pm and onwards. Satmorning to  <#> pm. Sunday 2pm and onwards.
kar diya ha send
i love u so much too.
Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
Ok
Right!! Dun know! Waste money!
Wru
Our normal pencil lead is  <DECIMAL>  or  <DECIMAL> ?
I went to project centre
She.s find. I sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
I'll be late.. Just left my place.. Sorry
Deal!
Yeah. It's in chinese.
There is a guardian outside that mrt. some days ago ther is promotion of facial mask
Yeah she does!
No problem pa...
The  <DECIMAL>  shop
tonite tob at 10pm !!!!
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Perhaps
Rogelr tt bblp
Hi Yipeng, are you with Low Wee and Shawn?  We are at Lot 1 already,just want to check on your ETA.  Thanks!
Went fast asleep dear.take care.
Hello!! Congrats on your promotion! Your hard work finally paid off.Hope you'll enjoy your work more and that everything goes well for u.:)
No mood.. Leav it.. U cntinu.. Vl cal u in d nit tim if possibl..
Da one in ur toilet... Da one in my toilet oso finish liao...
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
where r u now?
Ooh kay
Oh oh. Hmm life's unpredictable yeah.
No, why? in school
Finally it has happened..! Aftr decades..! BEER is now cheaper than PETROL! The goverment expects us to "DRINK". . . But don't "DRIVE "
Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
Lols k
Not really, but im working with the publicity head currently.
Dis ho
ll be there about 11... Eh... E stocks qn, i dun understand how he get e interest... Sigh...
Waiting bus mugmug
Sending money by fax is quiker dady says. U have 2 pay comisn 4 m o and u have 2 send it by post. Takes a long time. Fax is receivd next moment. So bye ADear Customer,RingIN Tone How great thou art saved in your library will be auto renewed on  <#> . Should you wish to cancel this tone, dial  <#> .ndreu. May God bles u. Thank you. *Grab an ice-cold Coke & get your Coke BRRR ringtone!*
Eh can Stacy join us just for the monday meeting thingy?
ll be at coffee club express since its in front o e sia line
K. 8 am tomorrow. Where to meet?
Still in group discussion? I may go to have lunch in twenty mins. Sms me when your meeting is finished.
eh.. i still at ys... u ask er jie or mummy?
Good morning my girl girl darling! Double hugs and kisses for u!
Mid way thru malakayattam.really out but walked without stopping till half way...areee thooopppikkana....?so i sat now.
Dear u reaching le ma?
good morning sweet heart
I dunno! Anyway we found another guy, you prefer to go or stay at home?
or neural networks
Yes $ <DECIMAL>  each. U all so many ppl shld not go to the traIlslike double black diamond
Lol all b+ and <#> A.lol.no nid SU.hahaha.tell u go hiong hiong take the genes n society.
When you get free, call me
Lol aww 对不起了. Tmr morning eh :D
Will ü b going to esplanade fr home?
Haven't reach yet lols
Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
Pa, what time will you be coming home? Please help me get dinner...
Hahaha I can do both! Oh no forgot to bring jacket x.x hall is damn cold!
Oh no! Haiyoh... You very blur leh....
Yo!
Sata still faster...
U mean it started before today?!
Haha okay okay. Alright bah good luck for next week. I see if I candrop by on thursday.
No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second
Thks okay
Yeah sure. If im not at home, you can get from my dad.
Oh.... Ok then... So 11 at pink tables...
Im quite happy in army nowadays.Quite slack n lots of activities like the bowling comp. next sat. Hee hee, put on weight liao. Muz be enjoying the good life. :p
Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
Yeah
Aww whyyy you dont want to go
ll see you all on friday! Tata!
hi Ellen !
sry, gt 2 girls actually. we take those 2 guys alr?
Wish you'll a Merry Christmas. May the love, peace & joy of the Lord be with you. Mahanil & Family.
im on d bus.
Sorry mike y don we jus sms.by way Elain may i haf ur num pls...
dillon chew wei xuan,  <EMAIL> , <DATE>  <#>
s play today?...If yes rem to bring my ring hor...
Yes yes throw pearls before kings
Yup :D
Wa T.T... but nvm I just now go see tink just need ic number and thename in ur ic can le
:( got things to do now eh. Helping friend to reformat com. Hmm next time bah.
Why?
Oh dear, what to do!
Oh so do I still nid to change?
Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  <#> . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done.
i'm coming
Nope. I'm still reading through the notes haha
Raaaaaaaaaa
Hi all, i'm at com2 dr6.
s a long queue...=)
Wow that's early
Out le baobao
Give u subi's num just in case.  <#> .
House? Season 8 just premiered this year. Ahh you will know about emily soon enough. When are you leaving your lab then?
Yes, but i'll take "a while", probably can only reach harbourfront earliest  <#> h. Am i missing much?
Oh ok...
Youth ku, Risk yedukirathu Rask sapiduramathiri. But Old ku, Rask sapidurathey Risk than. So, don't miss youth life! Make your moments enjoyable. Gud eve
Wat doing
Then vivien le? Zzz they whole day dancing at tv room I alone in rm
Ehh.. Don't we have chinese script checking?
No school on weekends
Hey so wat time do we meet? Where?
Weak suckers.
Huh. I told my roommate she was very impressed =P
What to do for the nus vpn?
ll beat the crap out of you.. =p
Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke
Then why no one talking to me
Haha... I brought ur wallet out, u la nvr take out... Bt nvm, cos i forgot to brin money out oso....
Sori 4 d interuption,anyway tis would be my last sms, tis sms is an apology 2u. U might be mistaken me 4something n i dont take advantage of sars 4 knowing u.
Joey: Hai! anybody want 2 chat?
Wat you wan to eat? Kfc mac burger king long john or chinese food
Huh ü take then how i take bus later... Inside got money a not...
Coz ur first paragraph was addressed at the earlier paragraphs.if weremove that. Then have ur second paragraph alone in the issue, dun uthink it's abit too brief?
Facebook... u no will power la. Nid do squats
I believe so
I cannot change yesterday. I can only make the most of today, and look with hope toward tomorrow.geve ABHI - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
U can..
<DECIMAL>
Lol I mean topup dey. Haha
Bout 6 leave. Daddy coming back?
Alright haha, what are we making?
Lol okay! Noted!
Oh sigh.. I am studying in cl.. how did your test go?
Hi tomoro practic @ 7pm. Pleas b on time.if u hav dark blue denims pls bring dem.thanks.c u 2mro.tc *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Haha I of cos must go fetch my sweet gf mah or how to be a good bf=p... hungry!
Oh man. Did she bring the law suit?
Helo y no replies?
Yeah and body isnt one of them :))
Haha I'll still poke more! Haha new season? I watched it last night!Ooo okay!!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhh.
Mei Mei eating dinner
Yea cya
Yeah dont worry. Im meeting her in town tmr. :)
<#>
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Why? U nid it back?
Yeah =( I always think of you when I see Uzura because you alwaysvoiced her xP also, I'm coming home on the  <#> th ^^
As in right after math or bio
Yup yup. See you!
S
Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy
Ok.. Better go back home n rest first. Maybe can take a nap too. E whether v gd to sleep.
This friday you joining mah?
From teck ghee cc.
Hahaha omg. I'm too full for dinner actually lol
Din know yet. She bought in us ?
smth is wrong with the fone
No need lah. I will try again with e one i bought.
m fr perak, msia.
how r u
Ok
Sure dear. Go meet up with your friends. I have things to do too.
No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
At home eating lols!
Serangoon mrt and $ <#>  is fine with me, I'm having lessons from 5pmto 6pm, so I can meet u either before or after my lesson.
Then why meet at clementi? I go find u?
In mac lab. Muacks
Just have a party for her at peter piper
Helo,da jia hao! Zhi bao le ma ge wei?
Okay! Hahaha no wonder wenhui was bugging me to buy sth. BTW IDISCOVERED MY SCALES BOOK IS BY "Chester music"!!!
Here
ll really take a long time ah? Oops.. Die liao.. I jus sat in e car for four hours! Butt already aching.. Hah..
LL ask dracula 2 kiss ur neck goodnight..
Heee. Of cos sayang u. Muacks.
I need to confirm with you guys regarding the small class gathering at my studio at 6pm on sunday. let me know if you guys are coming. please reply asap.
He come for wad? Trackers running? Oo
K.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
I jus finished playin santa...It sucked.
Sure.. I will call you :) ..
Haha very good I just realised I received your message 1 hour later ):
Wat time u b done?
Idk le. Monday wan chill
hey i heardthat b4
Super! I'm going to ze cafeteria
No mor compelsion..
Are you plans with your family set in stone ?
<#> from woodlands sibo.eh ok.so far sia.
i would say a nap is in order...great chatting to you as well..see ya in a few months :)
Where ya
Hey the ticketing queue damn long. Call me when you reach.
Okay I reserve for 9 eh.
If anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. Make sure its working. I found an ad on Craigslist selling for $ <#> .
reach home le dear! hee. jus wan to baobao u more
God. I can't remember the last I got one. Maybe 8 yrs ago for brat.
Lols chilling
Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
Hey can postpone anot... Haha, cos i wont b ard until 4th june...
When do we get your monitor?
so please enjoy rest of life
how was ur day?
Maybe later tonight
Why its gonna die? Can't catch food meh? Nice train more lo
Depends on what time you leave office and what time we can meet... Almost done here. Should i go home first?
Heee my princess!!
aunty i just reached yishun.  so u still at home?
I fl lik dyin andrw wn c malli s suferin.....
Sorry! Yeah lol its like such a big event._.
nsallinone
Good good.. hey u got any idea how to organise everything together?
Haha wat u ate? Got chi lam still boring lol... ya lo got ass book! Haha...
Bol na be.. Kaisi he
Ooh yeah thanks for the heads up
August 4... Haha, really enjoyin my tai tai life lor...
0 ji itna khatarnak intr0:-(.. Apke name ne to darra hi dia.. I'm sunny kriplani d0ing  <#> th again due to sme mistakes in previ0us atempt..:-D
Lol can can. Which bus stop?
Mr lee I do not take bio
But some of the things are stuff they will nv compromise on la. Atleast I dun think
Can can but i'm not going le, coz  <#> st is a levels!
1. Tension face 2. Smiling face 3. Waste face 4. Innocent face 5.Terror face 6.Cruel face 7.Romantic face 8.Lovable face 9.decent face  <#> .joker face.
DAMN): I DUNNO I WAS HIGH! I SAID HI TO SO MANY OF THE NSMEN LOL HAHAHA
Are you still in office?
Why have you reached so late :-@
Orh! Ya la. U so naiughty.
Ok
No! Sianz still wanna gym de. I m disappoint
Okay... Good... Anyway... I couldnt understand the stats tut... I miss my jc tutor!
Juz nothing special lor... They juz cut like straight across lor...
Hi :) we finished for first floor. We'll do with lesser beacons tomo. Will be going home now, cya :-)
ll get it oso lor...
Lol ok i bring on monday
Coming
Haha wow. So you wanna eat that after xiamian?
Haha maybe i can meet up with you all but im not eating.
I go try smth ar...
Hey hi, happy birthday! ?
Yeah, probably earlier than that
Heap
wait for the bus to go:-)
Haha.. just end from admiralty, :p I take train back..
Eh ex-MATE,how you?
Hey xin ah...R we goin 4 lesson on thurs? Oh fri rite, we r attendin e theory lesson hor...
Wah i abit scare also. Lucky i nvr do. I very weak in terms of bloodthings also. Haha.
$4 for the fish. I think it's the only one cus they specially wrappedit up. That's why I was in a hurry to buy it.
Haha wow>< hahaha yeah yuhan one of those guys singing in council chalet haha!
Jk almost there
Right?! Da fuq
Hey, you free this fri?
Ohh phew! No lightning alert, probably going to set up first then seehow! Ohh phew!! (: good good! Jiayou!
Haha okay bah! (: haha fun to display at home!! :D
Converted car but also must go to Shenton way to top up insurancebefore I can pay road tax. Going there now.
=)
Shiok! U Gg max liao
Hahahaha oh noesssssss
Remember the passion card also ar
Jeff why so silent
What happen tell
s for me to noe ..
I have many dependents
Dun lame la. Gym 1st
Sleeping now. Hehe goodnighttt
Why walking?
I am also happy to get this.
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Sorry you are?
Gifting*
s make it next weekend then..
X.x * thanks!
I wil tel u
I'm excited about our new trip possibility. You down for it if I can figure it out?
LOL. so epic!
In home da
s only some small fry lor, cos he nds to go ard pullin models... Goin to watch movie now lor, w sis...
Can I confirm with u in  <#>  days? Its not buffet right?
O wear sunscreen?
Hahaha ohh and which reminds me, there's a Chester book of nurseryrhymes I saw in the esplanade library!!! I dun know also): I think i'mgonna buy those packet chicken rice seasoning things!
Please call me
Hehe ji aur kitna intejar kara0ege.. Me to changa h rehta hu hamesha aur aap btao..
I sent u the requirements for both CoA and EE alr. Ask me if u don'tunderstand thks. Pls send me ur part by thurs!
V. nice? Ukelele, U KE LI LIN? Huh just 2 songs ar? Ed is on? Mm? U should be on e bus now right? SHINO!! Yesterday saw her Bu Ku MTV. Bu Ku? So sad
(Btw I'm not coming)
Haha nice^^ at least feeling more calmed down bah! Just now really着急><
I'll try to send u what i've done in an hr time. Need your help for ecase analysis part. Paiseh. Got a v bad sore throat.
Kk ttyt
Office is closed for the day sa
hey guys, free this sat for ktv?
<#> , # <#> , Jurong West Avenue 5, Singapore.  <#>
Waa urs so hardcore... mine laxing
No way! Yay!!
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
That was evelyn who typed that lol
Yup. Hmm next week im more free le I think I can meet her in sch.Make it wednesday bah.
Lol u now then sleep? Wan an babe!
K
Haha what a long interval! Oh wells my mum woke me up liao!
s in the vegie compartment in fridge. You
Haha no la its alright(: haha ok get home safe! Haha maybe they seeyour expression then dun need question le LOL. What but I'm not cute!Haha no ah I always thought it was the cartoon but turns out its nothaha! Yea I thought so haha but someone from the coffeeshop calledthen now my dad abit bushuang coz my mum expect the staff to know howcomputer works and stuff, the slightly more cheem operations on comx.x the staff all kinda uneducated de:/
Will try, but unlikely.. tomorrow very busy. Will keep you posted
Ya! Urs 2moro mass gay outing
Waa both of em?
Korean bbq we bring forward to  <#> , u wanna come or not?
Did I? Weird lol
Ya
Sleep soon btw!
Bhai ch0rhke ajaega kya dada ko plz
No problem, my wife's monthly cramps are sometimes very tough to beartoo.  Take care of yourself. :-)
Welp apparently he retired
Mission
Le bus on am i.
India 6 for 0:-)
Coming
Sup got wat hmwk
I reach home safe n sound liao...
Sigh forgot to charge batt again. in bus
Santa: Dr. Sahab plastic surgery me kitna kharcha ayega? Dr :  <#>  hajar. Santa: agar plstic hum de to.. Dr.(gusse me)- saale pighla kar chipka bi lena....
Its on the way hi hi
Hot persui got great ratings!
Haha so poor thing ur mum... if my mun liddat she will cry... soguai! Give u a kiss tml lol
Hi <name>, this is <name>, we're here to finish the deposit
Hey will check it. It still exists?
Jiahao?
Make it the whole day, free or not?
What thing? The fellowship people thing?
Nvm. No where to go. Haha. I'll wait at the opp bus stop.
Holy!
i ok wif it, go see replies on fb..
Okay
Whoa why wake up this early?
It was like 5 miles I think :O
by next week u think can come up with the draft?
Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
Hi Colin, no its the condo where we're currently staying.  Itsoutside of Choa Chu Kang MRT.  Postal code  <#> . Can you make it?
I reaching in 2 stops time lol.
Haha>< oh no my bag got stolen and I cannot find it now): haha havefun! Nope haha, biochem project! yeah tonight sleeping early (: actl Ishouldn't be going training right! Hehe i'm so sneaky!
I will see in half an hour
As usual
no please dont take my book .. i have to study for my improments:)
I see that you are going hostage! Punch hang!
Just leaving NUS.   Should be back before 8.
Jus? Nvr le
Woot.will be a bit late today.go cpf with father help settle some dunno wat paperwork.lol.
Hey how are you feeling? Want me to come see you?
Lol i'm done but i think i wait for yiliang
Why are u up so early?
Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
Hi likith, nagaraj here..ur luggages is in the room S- <#>  at 4th floor..
Omg! Hahaha okay wanna take bus? I'm lazy to change train later! Wejust walked around  <#> , orchard central and og!
Mon free before 2. Night cannot. Got another meeting
How? For wat de
Pahuch gayi babu? Ghar Kitne bje tk ayegi?
Hmm. Meeting For dinner?
If not very fun I go find my frens?
Wth? I tot we going early to do? Tues due le nabei
Bhabhi ke liye cake lete jana , ghar jate vakht
Shal i tel about ur mas time before mrs thurais aranges meeting time?
Yeah I barely reached B+. Hopefully CA's high enough. Wanna apply for bio hons.
Ahh and it's raining so heavily. T.T
Whoa that late?
Ok. So where u all having dinner?
Yo wanna meet for dinner?
Weds I meeting frens le. Ps..
didnt go look leh, u leh? ok
Sf oso lesson till 6...
Y u no warm up?! Then how? Still going?
Hey when is physics test
hey pple, sry dun tink can makr it in time for the meeting. u all goahead wif it first? then update me details later.
Sounds great man thanks!
Ok d
m gettin green.Is it my fone or the network thats causin e slow replies?
I want to know more about you
Its easy..
Oh izzit. Anything lo
ok.see u later
m out already... dont have the slip with me. I ask my fren help me check ?
Haha din say u complain arh lol... jk mah luv eu dipx dipx lol... okok lo... din expect  <#> + lol
K I'll be there before 4.
Shiok got apple pie to eat
Eh jos ah... Ur nydc fren still haven reply huh... I wan to noe soon lor...
At the age  <#> ,he was a Bus Conductor.鈥??-Rajnikanth鈥〩e dint even completed his University Education鈥??-Bill Gates鈥㏕he one who Served in Hotels.鈥??-Oberai鈥㊣n Childhood he Stiched Shoes.鈥??-Abraham Lincon鈥〩e worked in a Petrol Bunk.鈥??-Dhirubhai Ambani鈥￤ho Failed in 1
No prob!
I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
Tmr can. Either meet earlier and take train or after the meeting also can.
Cold. Dont be sad dear
Auto expensive, manual cheaper.
Hey, your name tag with me ar.
Then that depends on the time they check out and when will you be free I guess.
yup OK.
Orh.. yesterday my fren ask me go zouk, thn my mum oso dun allow cos of tat.. Ü ok, i reachin sch liao..
Half chinese im eurasion
Sup?
Haha dunno! So zao alr? Raghav is here now haha, dun wait for me bahgo off first! Yeap! I'm in concourse!
S
wat u busy with ?
So what as you doing
Ohh good lor. If it continues hurting then go see a doc.
on train le
Soc 4pm
Once once once!!! Hahaha where do you cycle anyway!!
Ouch cos I nothing to do now lol...
Okay
Okay np!
I replied too!(:
Hey leon, monday im free from morning onwards. But  <DECIMAL> pm Igot napfa, so I can go down for half day if possible? Tuesday isnt aproblem for me.
Enjoy your korea trip ya! Haha.
Hows ur report?
Haha ooo no more aircon! Hahaha wensin came to cook laksa!!!
Happy new years!
becos the bk say that when someone ask a man a qn ... they will feel they must come out with a solution ...
where are you?
Ichadu
Yay tmr got no tutorial I'm ponning hahaha
Ya. Now in sch study
Thks! Now its time to watch ip man2. I tink ur mantis will eat its moult soon
Emo. U done?
No la... Tmr not free... Got drivin lesson...
Okay noted the prev msg.
s all along his money lor... But i felt e pinch oso ma... So today ur lesson is 240 hor, den i pass u e fotos. I mark e ones i wan k...
Yesh I do indeed
Ok, thanks for the reply.  Please sms me and let me know the roughtimeline for completion first, when you have that ready.
Haha coz ask them come fetch us they dun want come out, so we walkall the way in in the rain! Haha ok jyjy! Haha alot of ppl broughtlaptop here haha! They watching potc 4 now, bojio also haha sad!
Ok... Thkz for e info... Gdnite... SwEeT DrEaMs...
Ok lor.But my instincts tell me otherwise lei... :p hows dinner?E last time i was at e outlet at great world,they serve maccroni n cheese wat.
Titties msged me
Hi andrew i'm janice (church choir).dont reply to this nmbr.practice at 4pm & departed souls mass at  <TIME> pm.both on  <#> th june friday.Pls com.thanks.Tc.God bless
Just walk to the church there?
Oh... No... No bbq today!
Hmm okay sure...
haha. neutral dream. u take care of urself. see u soon
In one of e stores on 2nd floor... Near e escalator...
Oh over alr ar... Den if not buy wad for joel?
s why it took me so long to reply. Jie jie
Huh, that's weird
Yupz... Can...
Zao an! Sorry was already asleep when you sent that message... gotexam later; wish me luck oh!
Steady!hee.come safe to hubby
Hahaha but can get cip hours one I think! Shall check with then:Phaha I dunno also leh! Can go out eat lunch!:D
Should be ok. Thanks.
Estimate  <#> h but got class stuff
He's  <#>  hours into it now xP
Eek.
Ok sweetu miss u too
Haha why am I a tank! Sian, I accidentally fell asleep for a few minthen my teacher call me ans qn haha ._. Haha Mr ku also let me sleep:P haha how is bio not impt, turns out there is really a quiz today,just die haha! Lkh will wake me up too!
Hehe..okok I wan see what u chose later
s why added some extra charges... i can drive both, but mine is manuel...
haha I think so
Done le done le!! Now in my papa car:-)
She stalk my father 1yr le... Police oso no use... He go ur hse? Y so bian tai de
Just volunteering shizz. Even i'm bored
East coast
The example looks fine to me. Completing the square is correct ( 5 + 4x - x^2 = 9 - 4 + 4x - x^ ), nothing else looks suspicious
Janta me
Okay? Sure?
convey my regards to your parents
Haha yeah!(: yeah they did check, I corrected but jeryl sim neverchange): talk about arp haha morning, I just woke up too!
m watchin e sneak tonite leh...
Sorry, I'll call later
Game and graph theory
I'm sorry is this Darshini?
Yeah i'm not going for meeting:x they're all trying to call me nowthough x.x LOL what nostalgic reasons! I only watched it once leh,doubt my bro watched it more than me until yesterday! So very gay><haha is it! But if I change I will tell you de so no fun! what theperson so last min just cancel like that, sounds like me LOL. I'mdoing my eng essay now woohoo! Anytime but not from sch!(:
He became elder when he was quite young wad. So couldn't have workedoutside for long?
Tml I free, u wanna do project?
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
s so late lor...
Ya... Shld b ok lor i thk... Guys nd smethg to hug oso mah... Hey, saw e pics, urs quite nice wat, formed ur name w candles...
Where you?
Ignoring me ?
She's a gd grl.. If u luv hr, v wil go 2 st.terasa & tel hr tat u luv hr. If im in ur positin i wil do lik dis.
Darling u eat already?
Haha I only play awhile, got alot of detailed stuff can choose sia!Damn cool haha:P next time show you bah! Haha we can do that! I didn'tknow what we were doing eryi!
Thanks. U all also not bad. B is an average grade.
Subah subah pareshn mt kiya kr gandu
You guys at school already?
Yeh.after my wk.ay,but wil ü all be goin out for dinner?
Hey wru? Call u but cant get thru lei...Call me!
Bring curd from shop
Thr no crack i had chkd it. And besides y u hv to open xplore to watch lost? Do not exit xplore whn u opn it
Suppose i lose my memory I dont know who u r..鈥┾??┾??┾??￤at wil u do 2make Me remember abt u?鈥┾??┾??㏑eply me first &Send this 2ur frnds n get interesting replies....
Yup your treat! :D
Hmm I dun tink can make it. Ps!
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
Ohh good lor. Overnight?
Haha cool! This is Brandon Becker
Tot meifang say mayb having? If not u apply leave for??
Haha maybe tml  got new stock leh.... nooooooooo y u mocking meT.T... I wanna watch running man...
<#>  posb savings
Nothing but v weird lor. Got another guy can sit w us then he go squeeze w other table. Cant wait till he do something then i react mah... Must stop him first.
Sianzz
Hah? Why she not going?
<#>
Haha yup^^ sian I just got your msg! Haiz rest well my dear! (: yeapcan't wait!!!
2r aj kal amar sthe ktha blteo khub prblm hy na?u dnt hv 2...am serious rish.u dnt hv 2 tk 2 me,na aj,na kal,kabhi v..
Daddy u never come hor?
Haha they come back late quite frequently! Always busy at thecoffeeshop! Haha he's fine with them thanks ~~!! If you want them backanytime just let me know! Haha yeah it's long!! Tmr or todayspontaneous?? Yeap, got someone wanna go is it? I can let that personhave my spot! Can start collecting the tickets 1 hour before, so weshould try to reach there early! Reach home le ma? I just finishbathing!
Then give mine to the person who doesnt have it lah.
I chose tuesday and friday slots. What time are you free today? I may be going to Tampines, then on the way can go and collect the book from you.
I have no idea yet lols. But I will be staying at hotel yea?
LOL okay I woke up at 3 btw. XD
Okhmaaaaaaa
:-P
We only have 2 days left to wed not everyone is free they have theirother subject work to do also... like I have a project submission thisTue already
d just try, maybe need u 2 join member 1st
Hey can tues night go shopping?
Hehe okay! Sure sure:D enjoy your day!
Thanks! I workin at it now
Yo I am on my way to blk 4 already.
Start liao... Goin thru tut... Where r u huh...
Yes! :)
Hahahaha ok.dun meet so long la tell them u need to exercise for the country.
Coz ur thinking world is limited. U dont think of extra possibilities out of a situation.
Hey!
LOL sup!
Every pinky we make, doesnt mean anything~
Friday?
take part in the survey!
Hmm.. don't think I'll join.. enjoy yourselves though!  :)
Hehe... Yaya... Dun wan spicy....
'l talk later nu sonna
Sorry leh. I can't make it on fri. Got lec till  <DECIMAL> pm. Forgotto tell u that when i planned my timetable. Haha.
Betta is the name for fighting fishes. Whyy? Washing dishes is good!
Hi...there?
Yeah haha
Call you in 30 mins
Hey wanna meet for dinner later? Having chicken rice.  <DECIMAL> pm @potong pasir mrt busstop
Okay lols I go gym now ttyl
Cause andy dun wan play with people he not familiar with. Then lynjeff not free tonight.
Come to uni at 7
Hey Monday wanna meet up?
Wanted to kiss ü but too many ppl present. I shy lah... I kiss ü now! Muaks! So is e pub nice? Did ü all drink?
Where? I playing cod yest
Oops. I on bus.2 more stops
Oh ya include wee ann also.
Hai
K k.
Lol gd sia A- tat 1.Suting got A for tat.lol.
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Ya nvm la the sensei say may be mixed up. She will check.
Okay xP it's you can't, it's fine ^^ <3
Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
Going ipt today??lol Sam say maybe he not going say backache lol.
Time is ok, but hope you can come earlier in your slot e.g.  <TIME> .Please call in advance.
Kiss u! Dear I woke up at 2 plus then thot u slp le. So yeiyei! Slpso late hor.. gg chemistry?
Ok, will do.  Am trying to confirm the timing for tomorrow and willtry to get the drawings to you for your consideration.  In youradditional quote, why is the mirrors on the wardrobe chargeable?  Ithought the wardrobe price was inclusive of any finishing.   Is thatnot the case?
Umm publicity head?
Hahaha np np (: hope you get it!! (: Japan is really really nice:D
0k bro np tc n gn..
Dear u on bus le tell me?
Sorry =(
Yea so sorry..
Tot u coming 2day?
Hey spoke to Sunethra just now. She is going to tell you a no atdinner. Hard luck mate. looks like she isn't ready. Free it for now..
same to you
ll update u bout e situation another day then.. Hee
Yea u got till before army. My bench barely  <#> kg Sianz improve v slow
Haha yeah lo jialat eh. Tsktsk.
s on 1st sept... So long...
Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
I love you too! My voice is feeling % <#> recovered :)
Okay see you
Yes! I'm already losing my hair :(
waiting for bus
Ah, gotcha. I just thought from what you said you were gonna ride past or something.
Hello! What are you up to?
violyn y u so quiet?
good evening
Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
Dear i love u smuch. Kisses
Not yet..
you still have chinese tradition
Muuuuuuacks u. On  <#>  le bblp
Goodnight ryan dear <3
m gona b late...
But noon would mean it was Monday at noon right? Isn't it Tuesday?
Yei yei juz reached home!!  Talk to u in 5 min hee
IM REALY SOZ IMAT MY MUMS 2NITE WHAT ABOUT 2MORO
Eakadesign website up!
Nvm we will see how's the response tmr alright? We meet 6pm at ourspace.
Hi guys I need your nric, home address, home telephone! (:
Okay noted.
Oh no, which one LOL.
Ok wif movie or ktv? I tonite go back check from e net if there is other pet hotel.
Hey!
When r u coming home
Ok :)
hehe. ya, long time no gossip. now doing some work. how was ur day?
Oh nvm then. Can ask seniors lend paddle for next week?
Best brother ever
Wat time coming back
Haha what omg faint><! Haha he not sad ah, what if I insist on goingout with you so much then got not much time for him left?? XD haha nahI really need to finish chem assn! Haha ooo sounds like a cool ideakk!:D
<#>
So ? Just an I . Hahahah. . . I was just checkin ya! U dnt kno that word do ya? . . The REAL WORD is SARCASM! liveoutloud. . . Bo ya! Wth r u sayn?
HAHA SO CUTE!!!!
Hmm alrights call me before you leave, if I dun answer then dun come,coz I might be sleeping then v hard to wake me up one:P
Haha omg so cute, hahaha okay!! (:
Oic... Haha, i was wondering if ü were free for a chat on the phone... Dun disturb you then...
On my way to sch oredi la...
Der
Just saw your msg, I am sort of near the area, so tell me once yourmum is back?
Okay can. Will ask teck guan to think something creative for u. Haha.
s my dear doing? Sleeping ah?
Hi, can we make it next week? So sorry ya know...
We where got 5 ppl
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
What time u coming? I think no choice but to take out from sgrx. Andmust take out today, unless u wanna take out sat or sunday.
At home. Reaching at  <DECIMAL> . U?
It's ok tho I got $ <#> credit at Kay jeweler
Hi,NEMO.U FEMALE OR MALE
Outside your classroom just now:P where to meet you?
Hi. Finished da
Wahahahahaha. Walao. I thought they were confidential sia.
Haha is it>< haha I dunno leh, my dad is a nice guy! Haha why are youwith them? Yeah hmm dinner is nothing much, since jmok went for dinnerwith 2 girls!
Wat to do
Hey when u going ubin?
Helpp
<#>
Bring change luh. Eh camp  <#>  just end you gonna go overseas you shitting me
Oh.like tat is hmmmm not very technical sibo.haha.not I going 1 my gf going try try on Tue haha.say wat got 5 interviewer eh panel.
Yup. Received. Thanks.
Dear I reached home le. Love u!
THAT'S ABBIE
Achha
Hhaha yup. Hmm your friday after sch what time?
Wer r u?.....
Haha yup I'll concentrate! Dunno hehe she walked towards staffroomthough! Haha yep yep! (((: haha yeah wow first time in hostel take solong I think! The water damn shiok today:P hmm ok I shall appearonline to you only!(:
I hope just now didnt give u a huge shock. Very happy dat u give me a chance... Have an early nite.. :-)
No what
hmm, ok, see you later then.
Ohh, meet at  bb?
Upsetting
U need trial? Not they invite u join ar? Hahas kk goodluck pinky bro!
Did you get my text?
Hmm I only have pc parts lol... good luck in your search :)
Ok i come down now
No the pain stopped a week and a half ago. I'm better now. Just hope it doesn't come back.
Hahaha don't need la! I stay in hostel! Aft wed! If cancel I'll justbe damn sian! Or you can watch me study HAHA though I don't think thatwill work for wed!!
No! I never wanted to. But everyone kept hounding me about it. Even my dad asked Mark if he was really gonna 'let' me keep my last name. So I just changed it on FB to shut everyone up :/
Want wake up call?
Okay! U organise? Lim chong shen and lee Chan lye the 2 teachers Ihate most sitting there
Yes yes:-) haha dunno why they like Nel so much lol
Ok
we at level four, near window.
Wow nice. Now my turn to die lol.
>< how was it just now! Did she attempt to shoot daggers at you or something??
Np:-)
mama died. Funeral on sat
Hey which terminal
Dunno. Shld b bout same ba
Hi wanna chat?pls sms me at 97856124 see u...
No. What time can you reach cally house?
I'm at home. Please call
Where were u? Oo
Sorry sorry!!! Have you taken the bus? If not I go jurong bah!
Ms phua! You all can stay in your room. Later meet lt <#>   <#> pm.
Wa why you say luckily? Aiya dream girl of course is highexpectations what, just because someone don't meet all these doesn'tmean I won't like her what. Night cycling now from east coast toschool. Butt pain woohoooo
What time do u get off work
<#> th march. Btw tmr you able to make it?
After this do wad
=D
But thk he will colour my whole head oso cos still need a base colour wat...
Eh... I dont go for bashes so you have fun there! Go and hook a guy back
K do I need a login or anything
I can come earlier to help load the car if need be.  <#> ?
She s alive da
Yuppo... Same place?
Wth hardcore addict! I want other versions le
Lol. So late already still not sleeping?
Hey i go pass u now (:
Gl shoe wet
ll b back by now... Haha, muz b still enjoyin herself over there la...
Wire brush x3 plus refill
Well.. we finally started one... lol
LOL. I don't know, maybe Candice?
Start liao not ah?lol.
HI DARLIN IM MISSIN U HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD TIME. WHEN ARE U BACK AND WHAT TIME IF U CAN GIVE ME A CALL AT HOME. JESS
Pinky bro wan go douby ghaut LAN?
Eh.. inside also. Haha
Yea
Poke poke went back to sleep!?
Haha dun tell you!!
Oh my don't go, go see doctor!
Ng Wei Cheng Truman <EMAIL> <#>
Hey can u do me a favour? Help me to scan my cert, testimonial ntranscript? Haha.
I plane to give on this month end.
Lmao u just made me choke on my bagel
Yeah a little chilly. On my bed,gonna sleep. You should too. 8am tmr right?
Hey sorry man I just found a better deal.
Also andros ice etc etc
U bathe already?
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Me too. Mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back.
Boo I playing mahjong eh.
Heard of beeconomic? Got one good deal, eat pasta leh. Buy $ <#>coupon can eat $ <#>  worth of food. The place is call platypus testkitchen at raffles place. Wanna go for gaowei's bday?
enjoy ur supper.. but dun smoke too muchy ah...
I'm at some super ex buffet haha.
The one who ponned? LOL
No d our clasmate
the buy price is 21 vs sell 215
Okay,go back to sleep my dear cus I am gonna sleep now princess:))
Hey oru help da...web tech first  <DECIMAL>  units ku na oru buk xerox eduturken da nd i tuk an xtra cpy ! Can u ask if smbody wants it...
Oh? Later I also need to change bus at far east.
s inside e pink teddy box on e table... Shld b ard there one la...
=P
SLEEP haha. Didn't sleep much ydae lol.
Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
Possibly the whole day. And I don't think Martin checks his phone often ._.
Neh. No want.
Ok den later call me lor.
Hahaha!!! I bet Hehao will be like "why so last min!" Then Chester "Ilike how timo didn't jio me, I got chalet anyway!"
Finishing my workout. You can make it dont worry!
Eh mei... Jos was askin if we wana eat dinner at her hse on fri... Cos i made cookies 4 her hsewarmin den suddenly cancel...U wan?
Yeah def, why?
Wah she so serious ar. Okay loh. Thanks. Anyway, they say we'll justwait for the companies reply. The deadline is next wed. If no reply bywed, we won't be taking them le. Like that won't waste time keepwaiting. Okay?
Wa jia liat T.T.. I really xing teng for u... I am serious about tmlu can come my house sleep leh lol... anyway I no school
Haha I heard that, text me when you're around
No no why are you sorry you don't have to do anything! Go goconcentrate, here's two square brackets for you:[] haha (:
No drama Pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.No reason why there should be an ego of not going 'IF NOT INVITED' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
Alright sure.
Both of them are snoozing
I can bring my harddrive
This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
Awesome! Cya
Hey nagavallie..
Wake up a bit earlier to see how weather first lor...meet at jurongcanal side rite?..
Hi Andreu, have u come 2 rum? I'l give doctors' names 2 buk 2moro. May God bles u
m asking the place whr u go for Spanish class.
Haha nice! I can leave soon! Just let me pass vivian clannad! Hahayeah need to get for my dad!! Hmm is ok de la my dad doesn't reallymind I think, he's like me, dun really bother about bday de! Haha yupI'm back le! Hahaha yes but I dunno who's going retro!
Come now
Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
s e dinner?
Darn I almost got a shock... it's tmr lol
Oo there is?
Ok sure. Red shirt btw.
Ya smart. I told them. Haha. Eeerrr. U also know u not bad looking,still purposely say u not pretty! Haha.
I miss you.
Actually, there're other ways. U can sit to bishan, take the traintowards amk, change at jurong east or sit to bishan, take the traintowards orchard, change at raffles place. Like that only change 2times. I guess 2nd option will be faster.
Who dun wan but ok ? Junhui ah
LEND ME THE FIRST FOUR CHAPTERS THE QN AND ANS THING! I DUNNO WHY NOT!!
Yupz... Still sloggin at ...But i wan to change job, still lookin ard...
Eh no. Jurong.
Do u like red heads?
Hi ms chew. I have exams next week from mon to wed. Is it possible tohave lesson after wed 3pm? Thanks
LOL SWAP TABLE!!!!!!!
I pasted chun min's reply for u. Haha. Actually, quite sad sia. Somany pple have mid autumn msgs but no one send me except u. They onlysend me after i send them your msg. Haha.
I overslept): ):
I know one day of this wk u nv work ma. I meetin jess go orchard thot u free
But I need money bcoz I want books, bed n luxuries.
Erm...ya tried haha.but it got gradient 1 so make liao dun look alike oso.tat time I edit the body so harder to tell.this 1 at edge quite obvious.
ll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
Honors any hmwk?
U try call me
Ummm okay later I call you.
Nvm found it.
That's good.. tmr lesson starts at 2.
After 6 is good..
xy:She acting shy now.... SHe say later go walk past...
Gd luck!
m not going..I asked ben to inform ur already
oh. It's OK. Have a good day.. and all the best with the interview..you ll be fine!:-*
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
Your dad is back in ph?
Small fights create big affection on frnds.. Only laughing doesnt create true Fship. Sumtimes fight, crying,scolding, all mischieves make a best frndshp.
Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
do we have to file for grad now?
Can never get used to it T.T...1 sec without u will miss u le sob sob sob~~~
Thanks a lot.
Hmmm... Eg like is it more on hardware or software... Do u require any com knowledge b4hand? Any qn eg. A person like u will wan to find out if u studyin it...
Sorry??????
You are evidently falling sick!!! Do you want me to appearaccidentally in front of her then she'll be like oh ok there's nothingbetween us!:DD
Mmmmmmhhhmmmm I beeeet
Sure, not a problem. If too tight can reschedule to another time.  Thanks!
chap 4 examples....chap 8 unseen
Okay. Thanks sorry for e last min changes. But e problem with edit ndelete lies with e wrong framework chosen? No right?
Poke haha i'm boredddddddddddd talk to me!!:D
Dunno whatcha get
ok! i'm reaching soon
Do you always celebrate NY's with your family ?
Okay... Sci canteen? 845
No, later
m interested in goin 4 e sailing camp, r there any vacancies?
Hard, but your turn to try :p
You around?
"The LORD is my shepherd, I shall not be in want. He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, he restores my soul. He guides me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake." (Psalms  <#> : <#> ).
Gud ni8
Ok. Thanks for the info on the wallpaper.  :-)
Woot.haloo.wats xr nus account password ah.lol.
I lazing on my bed. Why eh.
Find out your camp dates!
Yeah better I guess,she starts tolerating and giving in more. Let's not shift the focus towards us,i am more curious about your situation.
Let you know again later
Sux ...
Serious? Zzz boring life
Hey happy birthday final boss! Ps yest slept le
What doing?
Dunno yet, wait and see the other guy wearing formal or nt...
Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
Haha omg!!! But we will both be the guy-ish girl leh! Problem ~~ hahaokay ~ haha ooo I'm online now ah! Want me to start new char with you?I'm at the other house my parents own haha, doing nothing so broughtcom! playing clannad now! And my bro just started LOL.
Nowadays i really miss you.I can't forget you.
Clean tent and playing captain ball
Paya lebar nia.lol.
I email say I not free le I dun care... siao sat night... I ask themchange to afternoon... u later tut finish sms me I at computing lol
Chou Chou u called to wake me up is it? I in school le. Hee. Mugmug.Just now slept on bus.
Hey paiseh, i also don't have the assignment 1 liao. Haha. I thinkthey're inside my desktop which hardisk crashed also. But i gotassignment 2 in my laptop. I send that to u instead. Haha.
Am leaving now.. come to bus stop
Hey sign up for standard chartered debit card at Cl. They give freemovie ticket. No strings. Tell I referred, might get extra free stuff
Gg max Joel yh not gg?
I LOVE YOU TOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ok..
Haha, sorta
Very merry christmas. May the babe Jesus bless you with every choicest blessing. Fr. Bob.
K...k...when will you give treat?
S.s:)break of  <#>  min in few minutes.
Will be there in 5 mins.
Plz call....
Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
cant decide what to do
Yes, im so sorry to get back at you. May I know when's the dateline?
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Tell me!
Bhai meri b0l khrb h0gai kbki.. N me 8 bje tak aunga..
Haha oh no I fell asleep for awhile then suddenly got the miss stepfeeling then I woke up! emo haha! Don't want I need to revise chem andtonight might have meeting sian. Gags yeah can't cont like that ._. Ohtea works not as well on me haha! Yeah I finished it with  <#>  minsto spare, liu just let me go haha! Haha do your own math first! Hahago get go get!
Peterson..
Hey lucy, sorry I forgot to tell you I have sent an email to  <EMAIL>. Please let me know if you received it. Thanks! :-D
Friend will never give importance to your status,wealth, position etc., Friend is just giving importance to your pure heart!Thats it!
Huh y do ü seem so sian bout mich? So wat r ü all doing now?
Or u wan watch johnny English?
Aight yo.. does it have another name?
Hao bah. =0
Oh i thought you meant irseeker v2 lololol. Tmr idk whether i should pon art club senior farewell
Who all are
Hahaha fine fine later I play! Haha take you to eat the one at jurongeast next time! Haha tonight remind me I show you! But just gonna trimfringe and behind abit! Haha go think about it!!! Have fun!(:
Opps din know u all got camp briefing. Wad time will u be in np?
U do la. Got a bit of problem though. Thur confirm have run unlessrain, so 5pm probably won't be possible.
Eh never go market le
Goodnight! (:
Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
Later watching I am number four??
Sorry!! Hilda and I will be late >< i'm going to her room to bathe!
I just woke up thanks to my grandma making alot of node at my sleeping bro><
7Pm. I'm not gonna be reaching at this time though.
AOR intro
Tml tennis?
<#> pm eh. Help me tell xt eh.
SHE LIKES THE OXFORD COMMA SHE JUST DOESN'T BELIEVE  DO
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Hmm.. then BEEHUI?
ladies n gentleman, same event tomolo, meet in lounge at 4:30pm, wear the cute black man in front shirt as usual, pls reply yr attendance, n have a nice day! U
Thanks!
That's me lift chei
Haha same same tmr lol.
pls dun disturb me can anot?
Hahaha ya will be at ah ma house. No la just nice woke up to pee.
Morning! (:
=((((
U frm where
Lol i will protect it for you.
I miss you too much dammit!
I dooooo
Same here.u say 1st n i let u koe mine ltr.
its ok
mail me at indiapore@yahoo.com
Hahaha perfect xP
What is the pass word to yr e mail acc
Oei don't mia leh
Opps... I meet ur at 7 k? Got drivin...
I saw u
DUN KNOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Ok cya.
Who is dis
Uploading
India
By evening.  Check Eric's email. It has the urgent stuff
Diwali jokes Wife: Enanga karanam ilama kudika matten nu sonenga ipo ethuku kudichitu vandenga? Husb: Rocket vidrathuku bottle thevaipatathu athan.. Gud ni8
K.k.
Yosh so later nvr play mahjong le??
Helo aom.hw r u.ur a boy or gal?
Wat game da?
it works now, which doc shd print? no worry, i hv lots of quota
Ya sure...u cn come ova sato ...sleepova...
Well you have really sucky friends and you need to learn to open up to others.
Haha my angel diff mah too angelic le so wear wat also nice lol...anyway I mean it for guy only lol... hao de can play wif water so siweet
hello. happy chinese new year. huiyi and i wish to have a gathering w the huahui pple. it is thurs 5th feb 7pm at orchard mrt. can come?
Oh... what's so contradicting?
Wanna play?
Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
Auntie I at cck now.  <#>  mins reaching yishun. :-)
Lol tired deyyy
It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
Kuch downld na kr mai bhj ra hn
i think i may have tonsolitus aswell! damn i am layin in bed real bored. lots of luv me
Hey... Noe tat u not workin tmr but can still ask u out for lunch? =5
Haha I wanna go home sleep. Damn tired, sorry.
Huh that one no choice): buy sweat so not bad ah! He is a fat andstinky boy! Haha I can't control spending de haha so I shall controlyours!! :D
See what I can tell.my mom.
Pi gu.
Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window
If free Come to admtc lab
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
OH NO MY DAD ASKED WHICH IS MY BOYFRIEND, CHESTER OR RYAN LOL. I said both ._.
Its <DECIMAL> or source.
Forget my account no. Can u give me cash instead?
Hiya! Blessed new year! :) I've transferred  <#>  dollars for a usd <#>  gift card :) hope to hear from you soon! :)
Hi, you done? waiting for u two leh
yes. he so tired today. shld b boarding bus soon
Nope it's okay. Im mot going back tonight.
Hey you slept aha.
Can reply?!
well...hope they call me again
I dunno lei... Like dun haf...
HCL chennai requires FRESHERS for voice process.Excellent english needed.Salary upto  <#> .Call Ms.Suman  <#>  for Telephonic interview -via Indyarocks.com
Happy b'day dear. liv long
Why pon cca?
My Aim" in life is: Die young when I am very old. gm hv a nice day ahd...tk cre abhi - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM"
Cn ya lend me ur cooker today?
GOD FINE.
Okok
Nvm. No need tues finish de lah.
No plm da,
Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
Haha good lo still can go shopping.
Did u have anything 2 eat n drink?
Hi li mei, I'm on the way to uni. Will b there in  <#>  mins.
Sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me.
Post!
Mmmm.... I cant wait to lick it!
Lol then we watch it at  <#> am then. XD
Lg in basement.
Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
Eh.. no wor
Ok..
Ya
He very obviously dun want to join Steffi.. hah. We just Jia more youbah.. unless Steffi want go other group or I go find random ppleagain. Haha
I would love it that way..
Hahaha still buying?!
Yeap thanks! Wow v ex!
Ohh okay! I found it, thanks!(: do u want a moving one?There's a cuteone, three head move w solar pwr, but dun look like the normal cat!Looks like anime kind!
Who you with?
Reflection
Hahaha not a chance! Dun be late ah! Hahaha ooo okay show me later! Ithought pe rep can choose haha! I had a choice:P
T.T.... sob sob sob... haha up to u my mama also won't press u toreturn... wa wanna hiam me! Give u more kiss *muack muack muack*
Alright, well I appreciate you trying to help and I'll see you Friday
Eta?
madam ki ya teri
I am here already
Haha okay! Yeaps! He's playing your ukelele! Just say!! Hahaha I dunthink she said that!!!
m still at my frens place where r u?
Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana
Faceshop like bo leh.
Heyo! How much is the cake you ordered for uncle's birthday? I shareshare the payment ok?
Oh okay.
I know. Like when she was taking FOREVER to bring my pain meds. I found out why too. She thought I legally changed my name to Cortez. So they couldn't find it.
Indha help kuda panna maataengura la?:-(
good morning.have a nice sunday
u wait ah...i go check the listings...
My tuition is at 330. Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? Do you mind?
They're down at the bottom in the back, a sort of shady looking sitethat uses the building key
the t.shirt design got blue color, and the t.shirt is blue
Haha alright.
There is one gracious pet-boarding hotel (6484 4844) but i dun noe where is e place.
nope.. dun tink she mentioned.
No prob! Hahas when wanna meet lunch agn? I wan so shirt too lol!
No message..no responce..what happend?
Dun have your bj ice cream lehs.. How? What flavor?
drive carefully
We need to meet them at the new place though
No la at my mum office later eat dinner. Emo siaz
Stop the story. I've told him i've returned it and he's saying i should not re order it.
Ok
I not sure going nt. U going?
Haha set up liao nites
Hahaha. Okok. Set!
Dun nid
Yeap.. She know your mother also.. Wahahah :)
Arrived, calling  <#>  later
Eh hon wai here. Take note of my number u lout
Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
Traitor
Yep yep
Heee can!! Reach yishun le
Lols yea?
I'll get there at 3, unless you guys want me to come some time sooner
Lol ya right. Then meet at  <#> pm.
oh no
I don't know if this guy is a friend of yours' but whose dick did he suck to get picked??
Lyfu istne pow pow:-D
My hse got direct bus... go ramp take  <#>   <#>   <#>
Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
U hv to come for intrvw tomorrow at  <#>  am. Cl me when u r free.
Goodmorning today i am late for  <DECIMAL> min.
Sobz dunno why dis juz now i can suddenly trip n fall... sobz sobz
Ok coming! Sorry yup keep you waiting!
I knooow, it's so sweet and sad
K de :-)
Pretty much anytime after SLUgS. You have class, right?
can see that u are vry sad.. pls dun be, there r many other first time in future :) cheer up k. Ü
Did u cal?
Hahaha I dunno see how :P yeah it used to be nice!! But now alsodunno what to eat suibian eat lor haha! Omg I also want~ haha got 2labs, not so bad I guess!
Yeap but she took bus! I just left je! Haha nono Chester and raghavwanna shop at causeway point tmr, I can drag you along if I like soyou wanna come? (: haha its okay de la! Raghav says I need to makesure you wake up!! Shihui wants to come with me, wanna meet at bb orlakeside?
Ahhaha ok can
LOL u believe meh hahaha.
Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
Hey so our dinner change to tmr... ? Meet at 630 orchard mrt
Joey: Gd morning,anybody there.
Ivan tee is doing nvm!
That's a funny name.
How do you plan to manage that
Im ending at 6 today. Btw assumption english called me.
Yo im right by yo work
I wanna watch the horror movie u posted on Facebook. Go as odacouting? Lols u no training meh?
Losar  <#> . Eptoin  <#> . Fludac syrup. Pan  <#> . Leon  <#> . Tvs  <#>
Eh u r looking at 0 exp. I'm typically ok with racket sports, buttennis somehow doesn't agree with me. But I anything la, u r dasensei.
I love u a lot a lot!! And dear, I had such a wonderful time with u!
reyes, ronaldo and co are all talented but they do not have the loyalty shown by le tissier.  le god is ze best
No idea. What's that about?
Peter.edward@tata-aig.com.
<#>
Ok
hey,do ü know how to cook very cheesy cream based pasta with bacon bits ñ meat?
No. haven't do.
Lol ya lo. The worst case would be sending image mah hahaha
Lame
Lol what talking you?
Just making dinner, you ?
Thanks. Im still outside.
Wow really... So cool, forensic sci... Ya lor... Hard to maintain long dist relatnship... Wa, ntu very far... U stayin hostel?
0ye sunday ko hp7 dekhne chalega maya mandir me?
Don't Think About "What u Have Got" Think About "How to Use It That You Have Got" gooD ni8
Yeah lah. Oh well.
Lol I trying to spread Pd to my frens everytime they talk abt koi Iwill chime in with gc;-)
What u all gonna do
The other side
Pakathana pora.
So do you have samus shoulders yet
Patel now
Gaowei got respond?
Wait!
Msn! What did I say?
No lei I also outside.  Heh Whe.
How
Okay loh. Can. Haha. Eat le, exercise!
Have you reached?
O.o... then got use inverter or not?
He is here
Chilling with some friends! Who is this?
haha! Feels more blur than normal! Yeah he says not confirmed alsothough! Ohh no if i'm predictable then its boring! Hahaha okay!! Icome back at night on  <#> th though):
Haha i didnt complete my codes on time.
What haha no lah all I have to do is compile!
Lol I feel like I just got out of a fst lecture
Hey 2moro can hitch hike?
Going back to hostel with joel
ll be going for dinner before that coz cannot tahan till after lah.
OOO WAIT HE SENT. SOME study on sth in a silkworm. Lol lol I forward you!
Lol it's okay la, my camp got alot of broad shoulders you can chooseto lean on. XD
Sorry to leave ü guys so early... Ü guys take care k.... Hav fun.... n enjoy ür day... Hope to see ya soon....
Sometimes with the sean thing
Like 'baby,i miss you so much too while I am sleeping!'.
Hey happy birthday! Sorry, couldn't make it.. hope you had fun! :-)
Timo cmi now in physics o class
Anytime lol
So how is burger king? :D
ll b free at 3... Meet at tis time? So we goin 4 dinner or wat....
Haha you at airport now eh.
Orh.. kk.
Lol nope just reach west side.
pata laga? quiz  <TIME>  hi ho ga na?
Hi everybody, could we change the dinner to friday instead? Coz we have a friend who need to go KL on sat so we have to bring forward to this coming friday.
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Hmm... CS1105 was light when I took it but there were 3 assignments to complete. It is the lightest computing module I took though.
Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
Hahaha tell her you're not sca okay
Alright lol, I'll be there soon
No... Thk another half hr...
Haha there's a long queue so if you all are not lazy you can gofirst, just let me know where you all went so I can find you later!
<#>  isnt it?
Cl
How was exam? Eh when u returning
Ok i bought e 4D already.
And her party trust in two Christians
Meet at 7. Tell me e exact location of e stall...
Should i tak a taxi and come der
where r u?
I don't think I'll go, really got to force myself to catch up withschool work.
545 can... Cos i finish work at tis time...
Bout  <#>  meet changi village
Yup. Thanks!
no la. engage on 2nd jan. she  <#>  i think. but at least she ok fornow. gd thst u all discovered it early though. u gt go count down?
BUT THE PRESENT SO COOL. LOL.
Haha the sunkist one? Or fruit tree, or the one with nata de coco.
THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
Not physics? Eh hav u been training
Nope?! Haha spend not enough right.
Let's go shopping!
Oy. I just got an automated call from Sprint that if I don't pay my bill today they're turning off my phone. FML
Opps... Did she... I dunno leh... Was late...
"H"ope u'l hv "A" "P"rosperous "P"layful "Y"ummy "N"ew "E"njoyable "W"arm "Y"earning "E"ntertaining "A"mazing "R"emembering NEW YEAR !!!
s at paragon... I havent decided whether 2 cut yet... Hee...
r u done?
Okay I am back. Ended up eating at a restaurant.
alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
Omg so sad! we're having some damn cute talk show hahaha!
Yeah sure. No problem.
Hahhaha they wont catch you, but will suspect eh. So must speak likereally got problem.
Then keith go kope one today i ask him he nvr reply
Waa u sick?
Haha nvm de! Omg you write until so late! Sorry keep you up solong!!! Ohh no, I was supposed to wake up at 4 to study><
You should see two files and a textbook
Hee. I so in love with u too. Cant wait for tml
pata kia ha
hmm actually me too. Then in that case, can I ask u out for dinner?
Let the GOD decorate each GOLDEN RAY OF THE SUN reaching u wth wishes of Succes, Happiness & prosperity 4 U, Wish u a super duper HAPPY NEW YEAR
Are you wake up? If you woke up give me a call ok?
K:)
Ya...Too heart broken..Scattered everywhere rem?Dats y woke up late...Hehehe no la...Heart broken but no course.Only 2 days.Watcha doin now?
Live in the zoo!
Haha wow so slack! Haha why not nice! My friends talking about their arp haha!
not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town
Hi Manoj,,,Sent u the rent..you should receive by tomorrow..pls confirm once received
Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?
where would you be at 5 ?
Y didn't got cnfrmd resv and nyway jst lok after urself and try 2 hav sm slep. Din me nahi so payegi tu.
Where you went?
At clementi liao.u wan meet earlier then go not.
I dont have number
Hehehehehe. Come here and I'll make it worse. ;)
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Going to play mahjong.
fun..How i wish i can spend this coming v day with u..Hee..Can?Future guy
No la hahaha I woke up awhile ago!
Not much, sup/
Seta bhul. I dont show my love. U know that. If u dont, then u dont know me that well.
Haha aww im going to bss later. Then finding people to eat lunch with me. Haha
I think it might be ending soon! Hopefully haha! Okay ((:
Ha bhai yaad hai mjhe
Ya
JUST TAKE THE BUS IDM ONE
Yeap.
Yammy, when u're free, send us the softcopy of the recipes.
Hmm okay.
B thr at tym br0
You try direct connection see if can work
Den we eat outside lah.
Ohh icic but if take le uni if take that course can exempt from modules right?
Wat doin
Hi ppl who know about ironing board, please don't talk about itduring chalet if we play truth or dare, I don't want wr to know yetcoz he's from my exchange group. Thanks!(:
take management next sem?
Ya la... Den u muz come out w him lor...
Ok leave no need to ask
If not everyone go I dun go
OK.. sayang u la. Give u kiss later. Hee
Ger ger16 can intro pls mi fox
U will see :)
Hahaha neat! :-)
Ok thks
Yeah definitely
Office is closed for the day sa
Okay I see got anot
Carlos is down but I have to pick it up from him, so I'll swing by usf in a little bit
Opps... I wasted one lesson... Din checked tt i have one lesson in e morn... Shit...
s dinner to next monday. Any objections?
Ok da do wel
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Wishing u a day soft as silk .. white as milk .. sweet as honey&fullof money. may all ur dreams come true . HAPPY BIRTH DAY
Just tell him earlier can?  <#> ? Where r u now anyway?
Awesome thanks :)
Mark got suspended from his job.
are you OK with imagine cup meeting at noon tomorrow?
Me not in town... Me at home now going airport soon... Ü alone...
model?
Okie... Thanx...
Yes. Bbq where
ll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
K macho.gud nit.g.b *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Haha no worries. So I meet u at boon Keng mrt de busstop ok?
Awesome weather no?
Who told u dis idea?
Huh i mugging at class bench
Hee. Thanks dear. U eating NW ah
Ü all at serangoon garden oredi?
Yup. How much would it be?
Ehh ps going to be late!!
Ouch.
>< ><!!!! Cannot cannot): i'm already eating the wafer cookies:P
Hey I sorted out the clothes into basket le. Later u do laundry?
See if have other days dev
Do let me know the details of the place, n where to meet u to get the tickets.hugs. thanks a load!
hey! later help me bring my books
Ok.
I haven check yet. But only holidays won't learn much for breakdance
Yup okay. I glance thru the notes, really quite different, and thecorrosion part very little.
I see... Play well...
We live in the next  <#> mins
s e one next to escalator...
pole sensitivity tak
So tonight want 2 eat dinner? If want, i ask the girls..
Hmm if its me i also wont feel like going lor. But u still need him 4 ur fyp rite, then mayb its gd 2 suck up 2 him a little. Did he say where e place n when?
Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
Ok!! U more careful
Chris is trying to make me watch it and I'm not sure that I want to. Hm
Yes, please come. Thanks!
Okay. Tell u tonight
Nai bro  <#>  min me ata hu
New york new york. Frank sinatra.
aiyo, dun worry so much lar! wont b so easy 2 fail wat. jus sleep well n concentrate on next paper lar...
saw u and ya sis with ya dog juz now...u cut hair ah? anyway, thur confirm liao. 7pm plaza sing cafe cartel
Haha thanks vincent!
thanks
Hmmmm ok.lol.wat course??
Shuhui not free. How?
Ji ha
Please remember to bring the tickets...
Hee. Sweetheart I on the way to bus stop.. muackss
Yay! Lub lub u! Go sayang urself abit first
Lols pull ups effed u up? I tink I also too back and neckache denpull ups siaz
Yah going to rain soon. I just reach office, but lucky i drive.
Hey did you get the tut slot for stat?
Lol no need la
I will inform you.
hello
Ha bt ask amit tht he'l c0me or nt..
On my way hm. Tot u at home wanted buy u bubble tea. Too bad
Home safe!
Lifela ithu ella varathan seium.. Moreover they are my friends did for fun don take it seriously
Still?
Hi.there?
Ya I free 2moro. Yh nvr say do wad le.... dunno still on not
Zhou Shao,  <EMAIL> .  <#> . Will billy dq not?
Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
i cant understand my linear algebra tutor. i think hes from china. cannot understand what hes saying.
Cus it's closer for her. Found the person yet?
Need. But need to do my homework first. Aunty u shld rest early aftera long day.  Nite nite!! :-)
yes dear! larer then i go eat . kiss u!
LOL I'LL BE LATE HAHAHA
Hi there.
<#>  ppl. Den reach le Joel den realise, he like wtfomg
Thanks I got get it tomorrow!
HAPPY NEW YEAR  <#> .
Or paranormal activity. You choose. Gv plaza?
Hey, today can start to bid using G account. Round 2A ends tmr.
Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
hi, so we meeting at library or com1
I'll miss the stop!!
Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
Eh pinky bro I  <#> kg alr! ^^
Lol they zai sia. Collect all rubbish then check about all the stuffwe have in the room... Lols den found 2 empty wine bottles and 1 vodkabottle
Tick, tick, tick ... Babe
Are you at home'
Patricia dunno never hear before
ummmmah
Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
hey gal,when u free,me n jos celebrate bday for u?
Which one?
will say no.. Haha... Ok lah most prob is no lah hor..
Oh, no other slots? Sunday morning or other wkdays are fine as well.
Do early? Bout  <DECIMAL>  la. Aft tt u go anything on?
Ok! :)
YIH
oh, ur no is on e leaflet i got from e matric fair...
Ok
Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
Basket i knew it.
wen ll u cum
This Thursday evening, Ah Soon invite u for 7th month dinner. Meet @ #02-34 about 7.30, ok?
icic...ok i try to make it...
Oie, slpt? i goin to slp le, gotta wake up early tml.. if u havent slp, go n slp soon k . good nite ;D
We don't know leh. Haha. We sitting within the mall. How u want us to appear?
What then you drank it?
Im watching tv here.
I saw shin kay outside LT <#> . She's drawing don't know the ER orclass diagram. I believe it's for e capstone proj. Haha.
dere dere *hugz* well later when u go tution place, check it out, better clean e wound fast in case kana infection, don worry abt it
K
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
Okay its fine
When you da Pao, tell them not to close the containers so you can putthe curry on top.
Waa Emo go slit wrist ar
Thanks,
i need to check with my friend. because need the letter. shld be wed.i tell u again
Ok.. Den maybe i go sci meet u ard 4 lor.
Thik hai fir. Done.
Aniwa machan.. I just brought.. I brought it directly from Samsung.. Not a plan.. It was little bit higher in price but just wanted to stay safe.. :)
Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
Nice.nice.how is it working?
At home also.
Lul
It paiseh! Oh okay then (: I shall sleep until then hehe!
So wat will u be doing tmr? Can i ask u out tmr nite?
Haha probably. I never been there before.
Hai!
Why no progress? Thought thi ng s were going wel..
SCHICK
Mail please
Hey love
I am going to be late.. Hehe.. Still waiting for the bus..
Ok di took wen yu come get t from me
Hmmm... U reach oredi den wait at e canteen can? But rem to give me a buzz...
oh also U born in which year? Thks
on  <#> .. u? but i gg cck eat dinner..
Sure.. that's also fine
Hey man, you around?
S
so what are yur plans today? going out?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
So did u bathe ur millian?
s pink... Blue means lover... No light blue... Oh, my fren sent to me,so i forward to my frens oso lor...
haiyo.. pls not manz.. i dunwan bcm fei1 zhou1 ji1 aka african chicken.. u alone nw?
Wat r u doing?
know that
No lah not eating. Chatting with chin guan
Hahaha of course not tears! Yeap near your old church! We walkedthere in the crazy heavy rain>< sleepy~ I'm scrubbing the floor!!
I thought you're the kind to wake up at 2 XD
Plus you!!!! And maybe weiren?
Haha yeah i know, focussed very long already. Ready to pick up something new, in case we ever need a stand-in drummer or whatever haha. I love learning new things also la.
But stillll. Spent too much.
Come to P.N.R Home
Haha jumping again eh. Lol now where got excitement, watching it during day.
Today MUST! buy Toto
Lols celebrated last week. Eh when u free wanna meet up?
Oh okay all the best. Next time go out you foot the bill already.
Wednesday can?
Sorry just put Kerry straight x
Hi ranger
no i cnt
Don't tell me u reached super early... I'm reaching soon, on btc.
Compo c+
my team has withdrawn from funka, fyi.
Ok here's my stand. I can't be bothered to put in extra effort forthe better of the car if they can't treat a fellow team memberproperly. Don't forget yuhui example.
Did you find your cards and id?
I'm going to visit isengard!
yar control paper ki timing kya ha?
Not so early, maybe 9,  <#> pm? Why?
then, maybe u can ask her 2 read more review b4 buying lor
No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?
Film stars place.
Haha u last time got take?by the Dr Heng de leh.
I'm working from home today but gonna sneak out later a while to go over cindy's place for a breather..haha. Won't be online, anything sms me. Cya tonight!
Yeah think so. Going pioneer mall to have lunch. Chat with you later k!
My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
i will reach the busstop 15 mins later..hehe
ll give me a lift...
Yupz... Goin... Huh lk tt so little pple, lien oso not goin... Wat match, until wat time leh...
You are my GOD. So be merciful to me. I pray to you all day long. Make your servant glad, O Lord, because my prayers go up to you. You are good to us and forgiving, FULL of constant love for all who pray to you. There is no GOD like you, O Lord, not one has done what you have done. All the nations that you have created will come and bow down to you : They will praise your greatness. You are MIGHTY and do wonderful things. You ALONE are GOD ! Psalm <#> : <#> , <#>  Praise the Lord! Hav a blsd day IN CHRIST :-)
oh ok ill be there
Thot if u outside come eat ma. THey booked a ten pax table coz they thot u coming...
K I'm here
I may have a propasition to make with you
Now where you. U need very urgent.
Yes! Hahaha I want hazelnut  <#> %. You can ask lynette also ^^
Achha
Ok, no problem:)
Honey green tea hor?
K.k..
Okay I try! Excited alr
Im waiting for my class to begin.
Poke(:
Yeah =/
Hi! Meet at rp at  <#>  am on Wednesday! (:
Hee ongoing.  Dont go hom so late sweety
Sup?
Wht u will have in dinner
Nvm got junior on same bus
Hahaha okay! Go go go watch it!! With yichian or sth :P
What do you do?
Haha yups! Ooo yeah!! I love soup:P hahaha why  <#> ??
宝贝加油!! i love you! hee
Any should be fine I guess..
Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
Most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
Hey..can ask ur fren whether he/she finishing edit our essaysoon?...cos deadline on wed...hopefully tml can hand in...if ur frenstill need a lot of time then tell ur fren nvm liao...cos got roystonversion...
You are an ass ho le
LOL kk
Sema msg masthu ha ha
I've got lesson until 6pm.
K
Hi.
E 2nd tut harder lor, quite some dunno how to do. She nvr explain properly ah... Cham, i din even go 4 tut...
No. ms nus is louisia or something ar. If i'm not wrong she's fromSDE one. U like the medicine one ar? That one like slut like that loh.Haha. But it was really surprising that the computing guy won becozthe rest of the guys were better. Haha.
Haha. It's okay then!
Lol if is in mannie yea np
Den we go on a day when u can make it..When is ok wif u?
Of course la... Miss her ma....
Okay then we meet at  <#>  at clementi mall? Want to see the flatfish?
How many ppl before my hip
Office is closed for the day sa
re done...
Kk
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Anyway ans my qn!!
play squash today?
u rem hw to go dm house frm jp?
2day u free?
How are our sales going?
Icic...u let me noe when they have left sch...i shld be in sch quiteearly too...thanx...
Yeah I pressed submit now when I first installed the app,but I dontthink it uploaded all my smses.
Lol I don't think that counts as a skill.
Thanks mappu.
As in my phone will sometimes lag so I receive msgs later, its damnsian one! Reach home le yay:D
U r a LITTLE SUMTHING in dis BIG WORLD Cant b noticed by evryone- Bt damn! Its u who cant notice,dat u r a BIG SUMTHIN in my LITTLE WORLD! Gud mrng:-)
Hi Andreu, hope in ur room. Theres lighteng n thunder there baba says. I'm just sendng sms.U may be tired also. May God bles u. Good nite.
Every day i use to sleep after  <#>  so only.
Yup.
Challenge accepted. Eh tell secret!!
Haha. U repeated 2 times le!
sleep in  hall, u need to wash  clothe eat in hall, then gotto put up with nasty ppl in  hall
Rly? I not sure..... Try come le. Then teach how kayak
Then thats all...
Alright cool. Thanks alot.
Oh icic. Okay but i nvr tell him we intend to bid for C1 lah so uupdate him on that.
hee . good boy deserve one more kiss.my throat less pain aleady ding ding!!
!&$ !&$
Lol.. No la..
Ya ate my carbonara lol... wa liddat also can arh... so sudden... nvmthere is always phuket trip lol... but ur Taiwan trip so long later ycannot
Lol next time buy more ezlink cards and put in your different bags.
Lol u still feeling sick?
Aseem wants to postpone meeting to tomorrow 5pm. That OK with you guys?
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
How I go underage! We got ocs too
Can go meh? Underage siaz
Waiting for some reaction to end? So chill?
Okay. TG n i are okay with that.
Oh poor thg... Haha, enjoy ur rag day tmr den...
LOVELY KIDS HAVE A GOOD VACATION
Lmao. I WOULD legalize pot. I keep posting on obamas fb page that it would solve all the problems but he doesn't listen :/ MEN!
Okay.
Wait, traffic jam
Watching cartoon, listening music & at eve had to go temple & church.. What about u?
Ok
You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
ll be late...
Left dessert. U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
Hhaha okay! Enjoy!
K, want us to come by now?
Always my malli cms 2 my mind wit tears,d tin hapnd s a dream 2 me.i nevr cn undrstnd t,il spek 2 u 2marw,my ears r painin andrw,g,b,gud nit
Haha I think they want to eat something cheap, so it wasnt really agood time for it.
Hmmm we find a place meet first ba Joel n Ian oso havnt appear.they in jam.
P
On my way back, what are you doing? my is low batt. cal you later
Nope. Haha. Paiseh if u bring the gift hor.
Erutupalam thandiyachu
aathi..sleeping?
m eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
Were there any changes to the equations used to convert RAW into real values.. I used the TMoteSky equations you have given in the ivle.. :)
nged your mind, and that I'm only dreaming...
I need to change after dinner haha
Sent to ur @live.com.sg
Oh okay then
Are you going for lunch? I can meet you anywhere at town if you goingelsewhere.
Wht doing
dear jus gt in bus,, wikl b late
Ooo ok.haha.hmmm meet u liao then complain abt the module wahaha.meet u say next wk ba u let me know see when u free.lol.thx.eh going lunch lo u shd eat more.
s name is arthur mansion.. near e junction of meyer rd n fort rd, beside katong park
It's okay, I might just see if I can write Jeff a check tomorrow andhe can trade it for cash
Oh lame. Dun Emo over such things la
No sitting n do nothing lor.. Haiz.. Tdy shld hv stay at home.
I also just came back from collecting my drawer. Just now serangoon jam ah.
Yeah
just now my pri sch called me if i can go n relief teach.
School..
Hey I need your student id.
d all forgotten... See you tmr!
Keep the door open
But i don't think the bgvs look horrible. Look how much space they have to work with.
Stupid here in one problem cant u understand from the way i spoke
derivation page number???
Haha yup. Definitely not brining them back to normal.
Hostel gym?
Ok. Will try to reach by 5pm. :-)
Hey... Can book seats for us... 4 seats. Plus one for pink
s this tube she likes frm mambo..41 bucks.. Okie.. Juz to inform u.. Abit late but ha. Nvm la.
Hmmm.me too
are you around in your room?
Aiya I tired liao lah.
That... is a pretty glad good point
I didnt see you waiting for me. That's why I apologised for what I said out of a moment of anger.
Praise the Lord bro! The guys r meetin up 2mrw @ 9 in the mornin @ the Peter's grounds 2 hav a time of prayer and play sum cricket. Aftr tht there'll b a prayer in the evenin frm  <#>  for all the servers @ the St. Anthony's Church hall, Colpetty. Hope 2 c u 2mrw. God bless u!
It was nice seeing you last night. You should come around more often
Pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! Red;i'm in luv wid u. Blue;u put a smile on my face. Purple;u r realy hot. Pink;u r so swt. Orange;i thnk i lyk u. Green;i realy wana go out wid u. Yelow;i wnt u bck. Black;i'm jealous of u. Brown;i miss you Nw plz giv me one color
I would be late .
I meet u all outside pl6 k? Lazy to walk down. Haha
LOL stalk people fun mah. XD HAHA I wont blame you for that. I joinmy classmates to stalk zharbo at times.
Hi Ricky, any news from the air con guys?  BTW, we are going to haveour own electrician staff come down after all.  They will be coming tothe house on Sat, time TBA.  Thanks!
i m in home
Walao g.na one so long ago liao leh. Haha.
Send me some message
I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
Why don't we come over tomorrow and cook everyone dinner? =)
Hahay my mom lo
Maybeeeeeeeee! Hahaha anyway so you want me ask timo meet at  <#> ? Idunno if he can make it now ehh!
Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
Morning den get results wad
Yup. But now havng lunch near my house here.
You sold which lens?
Thanks sweety. Hmm ok. Think u eat witj yaxi ba. Den u slowly bathe.
The hair cream has not been shipped.
I will support you fully. Thanks alot.
Hey... Xuhui cant make it today... So how? Shall we change day or continue
Haha then u shld Chen ji nap! Wa finish half le lo so fast! Lolanother term test out le lo I got  <DECIMAL> / <#>  haha... jia youle!
What LOL drunk hahaha!!! I have a devil hairband that can flash:D
We tried taking but no place without wind.  <#>  teams i think it was until  <#> h
4got le. I bought a new shirt for my celebration night
Oh no...u going run tml rite?...u coming for ic engine lesson?...
Hi maha
Hey u got any thing on ur part?...any information?...no need proper essay...
haha.ya, not bad. his songs quite nice. happy new year!
Not many la? Not v. heavy? GPS, KPK, LCP, HS, ?
Eh no la pheesix was ur fav subject right. Get a for it some more haha!
Eh gelek later save seat 4 me k? Thx =)
I lazy go all the way la. 2moro nite den I going
Haf ü bought ur pants for tmr?
Hmm you didn't sign up for the  <#> th sept sutd talk?
K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
See you at home then. At tiong bahru now.
Integrated program. Looks like ee are supposed to receive some letter
Lunch?
Bus stop
Then how now?
You used my money to buy drinks for everyone rmb?
I hope i can b e 1st 2 wish u a happy n prosperous monkey yr! Hope u can always b as cheerful as a monkey! Once again, wich u good luck throughout this year.
Ur 3a like wrong le
Okay.
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Soooo yeiyei!! Still playing wife backend stuff ar
Morning:鈥??Packet switching n/w( Def,History,Basic operation,Diagram)鈥┾????Advan&Disadv of Circuit switch & Packet Switching
Ok lar.. aiyo.. haha.. btw.. u but short hair already or not pretty girl..haha..
If you want!
<#>  call me dunno who lai de, nw my phone got problem cannot call...
Yeah:/ ohh wells time to chiong chinese hw!
Sales gal...Help me look out k. Best if in town 1.
Hmm.. Icic. I told him le. Got meh? I thought need 2? U only have DSC<#>  right?
Do u lov som1? clos eyes thnk abt Love a sec. In mob go 2 ur main screen n press  <#> # c wat ur mob says Got . . . . . Tc hashu gm mwaah:-*
Hmmmmmm okie nothing to do anyway
They arent going.
Den u go back first lah. I go find u.
Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there.
Lols wat the
Haha, luckily tis time nvr put on weight...Den do u still have e slip of paper where they have all e timeslots...
Ya lo hai me super late for my tut lo! I still at art omg... wa thenliddat u need to go soon le lo
Lol all these are fake. I just want to get new parts. XD
=P
Ok I'm on my way
Uncle kahmun's thought :)
Bhai fb pe kya karu ye to bta
R u ok?
Yup I think can.
Yes i did.
Ok.
It's okay.
O was not into fps then.
K d
Rly? As in the 3 odac teams?
Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today.
Mr tan did you received my email regarding about my cca points?
Your terrible!
Haha last time free I think, I heard now need to pay! Haha youholiday then take less aftnn naps ah haha! It's alright!! Just dunforget where you're going and stay safe kay! Poke you tonight^^
Where u all
U having lesson now? Daddy ask want go see the policy details with usagain not.
are you going for the gathering??
Don't u dare
Do u wan me to wait for u?
Hmmm... Dun thk so... Wana go exercise huh...
I think my mno <#>  test cui leh. I wrote only like 2 pages and theprof shoot me how i can squeeze everything within 2 pages. Haha.
dar u want titbits n rough paper, coffee ?
January  <#> th Ayyappa Swami Jyothi Darsham. Delete madidre Two Years olage Bad Luck. <#>  Members ge E SMS Na send madu .1 Hour olage One Good News keltira.
Haha probably that's during my holidays. But cant confirm now eh.When need to let you know?
K
r u coming to sch 2day? need to ask u abt 05 leh...
Wait.i will come out.. <#>  min:)
Kal chalega match me?
start hoi presentation
Ah crap tmr not free mum's company family day i have 1 arduino mega, 1 cmps <#> , 5 srf <#> s and 4 sets of metal china motors with me other parts not that impt i think
Bathtub probably Wednesday.  Will confirm later.
PaisaPay Over  <#>  members received Free Oracle Magazine in November. Have you applied? Login to your account and look for Email from Oracle to Apply Now.
Hurting sm1 who realy cares 4u is as easy as thrwing stone in d lake bt do u knw hw deep tht stone goes. So think twice while hurting ur closed ones..gm
U bring outside clothes, then mayb we go shop shop if early.
You do your studies alone without anyones help. If you cant no need to study.
IndiaFly.com offers Booking of Low cost Air Tickets. Holiday Packages.(Goa/Manali/Bangkok/Singapore) Visit: www.IndiaFly.com Plse Forward to frequent fliers
End of march. Hopefully I won't be perpetually ill again
Tampines but we left already call him yourself
I reached already. Where you wanna eat?
Hi:)
Der
need 2 copy ur hmwrk. can pls lend me pls?
last night I called you, but you switch off fon.
Yeah I am fine with you going dont worry.
The effects!
Haha alright. Too tired eh?
Heh 4pm. :D
Lol? Cannot what?? I just wished you good luck for your paper dey
Wait il c nw..
Haha yeah I know you aren't^^ I'm alot more violent:O hahaha okayokay I won't hit you! Well not when its serious anyway:D haha you alldidn't?? I heard you all had and better than last year's one! Hahaokay must poke me everyday to push me! Haha ^^ only for you to hug!Hahaha you will be jealous de ah! I dun think I will be jio-ed ah! I'mnot jio-able! Haha dun worry! Sorry I just replied, I left hostel waitfor my parents with Chester, then in the end wait until now justdropped him off at his house!
Thanks for you mother?s poh piah. yummy very nice. You have one too since with me are you feeling well?
Haha yeap! Vivo! I ate!!! It was nice but a very guilty pleasure):haha waiting for  <#> !
Oh! Lol what the! it's really not raining here!! My dad my dad!!!!! LOL.
Ajmer.. Jst c0ming nbh nw
s embargo... Ya, centro muz b 21 lor... Tmr go la, haven mt up 4 some time...
Uhh i'll see how later goes. I don't exactly have logistics for staying over and if we're going down to school to test I don't have school clothes; but I think it'll be damn late then no buses asdf lol
Wah Wah
Okay bah. Probably you let me know when you are done bah. ^^
Tennis world no1 now I think! Roger federer drop liao!!! Haha no mylevel people are not man enough!!
Yup, the New Release
Just about to leave sch :x sorry!! Have you all had dinner?
Lol you woke up at 1pm ah?!
Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks.
Tonight mahjong?
Hmmm... If my frens wana go lor... Y do u nd so many models...
Wat anythin... Aiya, u got anythings to buy... Dun have den i go myself...
rem to have proper meals . take care of pigo!
Not long ago. After 4 buses of 9 went...
Nen kphb lone una
Really? Wtf
Ohh he has ARP ah? okay.
No prob. I will send to your email.
Nope i decided to study. But i still dozed off. Lecture notes areawesome sleeping pills.
Haha sorry>< it's okay de right? ><
Omw to Boca now
Fuuuuck. Have you seen a wallet around?
hw r u?
Ya..
Ohh okay we'll reach about the same time!
Where r we meeting?
My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours:)so it will be leave for you:)any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it:)
Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
dearie u still awake?
Where u?
Hahahahaha i'm not so violent! Hahaha ooo I didn't see you at all!Hahaha nope need to do council stuff and clean pantry too! Sad facehahaha! Oh I heard your name just now when I called chester! Haha!
Wads tt?
Lol it's ok, i understand xD
Ohh no, have):
Laura, can help to do the ER diagram. Basically, it's just like theedmx file u see in visual studio. See whether if u can export it outor something. I'll try to do the class diagtam later. Haha.
:-) have fun!!
Hee. Dear reach where le?
Hows Chinese business essay paper.lol.
hey laopo sleep liao right. PLay a lot todae. Sweet dreams k.Msg you when i wake up
I at home now, u leh?
Hee. But mouth still cannot say.haven reach his level yet
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
K
Yup. How i wan 2 die...
Oh u working already?? I'll ask around.
鏂板勾蹇箰锛� 涓囦簨濡傛剰锛� 韬綋寤哄悍锛� 鎭枩鍙戣储! May you and family have a blessed Rabbit year!
Hey, would u all mind if we've a wkday meet up instead since sylviais not feeling well today?
LOL I FINISHED THE VIDEO BY THE TIME YOU SMSED THAT.AND THE VIDEOJUST PAUSED THERE LOL. OH VERY GOOD AND THEIR VIEWS?
Heard of beeconomic? Got one good deal, eat pasta leh. Buy $ <#>coupon can eat $ <#>  worth of food. The place is call platypus testkitchen at raffles place. Wanna go for your bday?
Ohh it's back:D teehee! Second floor is so short!!
I'm freezing and craving ice. Fml
Tell my  bad character which u Dnt lik in me. I'll try to change in  <#> . I ll add tat 2 my new year resolution. Waiting for ur reply.Be frank...good morning.
Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
Oh ok baby
Txt pe ni ..papr se
Lunch today?
LOL THAT'S A GUY
okie sure
s lorong 4... U meet me at braddel den walk there lor...
Thanks. And, are u ready to talk?
Am or pm?
Leaving hse in 5
Haha tt prob makes it 25?
I oso noe nxt month... Wat day la...
I know I get excited for the dumbest things but yesterday was a bad day. This is a good sign. Live and let die dum dum dum do do do
Dun Emo! Nxt time then train
m in town now lei.
Haha omg! But she doesn't stay in hostel haha, dunno why she's stillhere! Hahaha i'm moving out end of next month! Ok ok I'll send youyour personal statement then concentrate on my hw!!
Match adutunna
Haha that's good to hear lol. Hope you wont see him next year so youget to add him. XD
No movies for me.We dine out cn liao...
Sembawang
Y did u went der?
oh okay u know where then good la.
I am on the way to tirupur.
Ambrith da..
For your sorry da.
Send me a pic!
LOL tmr I show him see what he says okay!
You think i shld take how many? I feel like takin 4 leh like don waste last sem.. Treat the cl modules as extra one lo...
Ind  <#>  for 3:).sac  <#> :)
please change your attitude:-@
Xt tmr got work ah?
hello
m sleepy.bed time.u?
Lol probably it's the adult card problem.
Please la female writers also write all kinds of sick stuff. and uact rational nia. Don't pretend :-P
Wow that'll take a while
Yep called already
s one as me and my bro are not taxable. Supose to rcv this month but havent got it yet..
Yooo where are you guys?
Haha yeah omg la freaking suay!! Haha is it too late for you? My mtgstarts at  <#>  though:/ I will!
go straight to the point my friend
K
Lol! How jio? U won anything?
U finish ur part alr?...
Yes andrx,u r more dan  <#> % corect.v hv 2 go 2 god 1 day,bt malli wnt earlier.one way its gud cos its 4 his own gud n he wil pave d way 4 us 2 reach god.yes..gb
All mech engine guys only. Aiya quiz only, I got presentation earlynext morning.
Wah...power...ok lor...
:D!
No not yet. Either sexual discrimination or gender discrimination.
But after bio got time wad. And math also not v diff
Any idea who has key/when lab opens
Hahahaha you will remember to bring because of koi. XD
We reach braddell oredi... Call us when ü r here...
Hi!! =D =D =D
Well Jez is Coming over to Do some work And that whill Take forever!
Hey jason I will be lte eh. I just woke up.
Studyin
Ok nothing
OK. Will come outside  <#>  and sms...
Rofl cannot go your ah ma houae earlier eh.
Come to veg mess.
Wah.lol in China still reply my sms for wat sia.Jeslyn say she got A-.so I guess u oso same ba.I got A.Woot.haha.
Bring sentosa!
Cal me ra
s oso rite...
Praise the Lord, who carries our burdens day after day: He is the GOD who saves us. Our GOD is a GOD who saves. Ps <TIME> , <#>  Hav a blessed day:-)
Think so..
Haha  <#>   <#>  or  <#>
Kelsway hello how are you?! Can you send me Kline's number pleeeeeeease??????
Cargills- <DECIMAL> ,Milco- <DECIMAL> ,Nestle- <DECIMAL>
Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
Lol anything eh. But we need to find presents for lyn and yx eh.
?
Slap!!!!!!!!! COME NOW!!!!!
My sis went out wif e car. Think tdy cannot eat lunch wif u. Maybe we just go cycling.
I ll let you know after I look through.. will need the weekend.
Ah? Lol I was sleeping all the while just now.
Email of client -  <EMAIL>  name is Marc. Sound confident andpolite.. not respectful and pammifying
Lol just dump into my class angel mortal box
U do wot evr u wnt. I jst dnt care.
Manickavasagam.# <#>
National day celebration. Why swollen lol?
Lg waiting as for bus
Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
hi both, i finish reading the paper u mentioned, of course, unlessaccidentally its title is not "executing sql over encrypted data inthe database service provider model". maybe there is necessity todiscuss implementation details and work division again.
Ok now it is working. Is this a bug?
3 why
Lol I seeee. Alright enjoy yourselves!
Sorry I was busy for the last few hours. I'm free now.
Thanks man! Let me know your friend's position n email ya!
Call me DA
What happened to our yo date?
With the ratio in my faculty, what do you think? Haha no need to talkto them la, they are there to eat. we r there to eat and catch up witheach other.
Haha nijamgana ha?
Hey I going sohjie hse tonight. It's 5mins walking dst frm railway.Can fetch me 2moro frm Bukit panjang
Hai RANGER how r u?
Nope. Thank you.
Hi:)
ball tracking is ok already
Yea cya
<#>
All the best for scm class later. :-D
No as in next time lor haha! Are you there liao? Can help me find Huiwen?
ganbate!!
Hmmm
Lol yh called ya
I just transfered 777 plus 77 plus 7 to you.
Hehe cumi dnt mind much for litle quarels in ua lyf.. J0y n sadnes b0th are a part of lyf.. Try to smile in pain N atlast i'm wid u f0reva as a frnd..
Hey u tmr got go bian nian??
s so idiot to use e same trick twice...So how do u get to noe ur bf leh?
Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
s dada doin? Sleepin?U Wana fetch me home?
Y so negative bout e outing? I dun haf tt much money...
Lol jk it was me
eh.. playing game now. hee. aunty wan to gossip har?
Yup... Okay. I call you after my lect?
Ya...Same lah...Sch price mah...Hehe hmm...Okies i going her rm now...U finish liao msg us lor
seat 4 u nt?
Aya?
Baobei reach where le?
No! 2morow oly hav to!
A.R.Senthil kumar,鈥〩SBC Bank,鈥??8,Race course Road, 鈥??
Haha... I'm doing my assessment now. Last rd and I'm done.  <DECIMAL>  will reach city hall. U?
not sleeping yet?
Hahaha alright
hi how are you?
Hahaha
cannot...i still have to rush for hyp :(
Eh... sorry, can change to 5pm tomorrow? Or Friday?
Paiseh! I watching movie
K
Finish e part dat i missed yest liao. U still want 2 go out?
Yep. I not bringing my laptop... We haven decide on the video yet le
Halo, pa kabar? Baek-baek? Andy udah di Medan ya?
H?eeee. Love u so much too my baobei!! How is the meeting
Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
Beside you!
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Na ji na ap kaho to bich me khada hojata hu.. Just lyk a Dhobi ka dog na ghar ka na ghaat ka:-P
Yeah =D a cheap bus runs between la and Oakland or sf =D
Usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. Can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
Haiyah... It means it was the same time as me...
I dont have :)
Can lor tmr.
I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
PNR: <#> ,TRAIN: <#> ,DOJ: <#> ,TIME: <TIME> ,SL,NDLS TO GKP,TaruneshSingh,RLWL   <#> ,FARE: <#> ,SC: <#> +PG CHGS.
Obviously! Waa prank us
Ohhh then go for a while lor. Tmr then see lah k. Dont worry. I willbe here. Not sleeping yet?
Derp
What time?
Yo yo! Today exam fail riao :-(
Hey wat happened
Chem haven get. Physics today jus did test
I'm ok la.
s 20?
Im not saving up  <#>  anytme soon tho. So ill decide a long time later.
Dont worry ive done it x
He's getting tired.  Maybe another  <#>  mins
Jus sacrifice many.  <#> kg dollars worth of ticket
K
What's up?
'Kay sleeeeeep
Nth yet. Rush here watch sj
Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
Whoops just arrived
>< haha I only feel like that coz of hostel probably! is it recentlyspend less time at home? >< haha I think more like i'm used to eatinganytime between 6 to 9 ah haha!
Ok
8 bje tk
Oh u also going to china again... Ok we will meet up this weekend or next week cos i am starting work on 15.
May haf match lah... Besides, i dun wanna see things tt i dun like to see... may get upset by them... Oh, ive tis new eye candy in hall! yum yum! Haha
Aiyo... Thought i told you... Taka there tmr i go there look at the names
where are you?
Monday you working?
Then what about further plan?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
i take one as breadth, the other as gek lor.U appealed for customerrelations? i sent appeal le but i think not yet processed.
Ya wan?
Erm...dun tink so..juz bring money n urself...
Hmm dont know eh. You?
Wa sob sob sob I am looking forward to my Nomnomnom food... if dun gotown eat also dunno wat to eat leh lol...
i shall join with you in  <#> minutes
nv wor.. u wan her to help u play ar?
No! I think u misread my msg. I meant since u owe us the balance, uuse tt to pay but i nvr agree tt the residue after the balnce is usedmust be absored by u. Haha. Okay lah, we say again. I can tell u lah,if u insist, 2 of them will also tell u tt they'll pay themselves de.
Congratulations! for wining the prize
Dulan nid to go sch myself
Thks
o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
Okay (:
Can eh.
anyway if u have developed pics, bring them along ok..c u then
Wot u want 2 speak... I dnt hav extra money 2 waste...
Pls go there today  <#> . I dont want any excuses
Haha go eat first! Yea not a lot of food haha sad! But I'm fullanyways haha x.x eh? No haha later msn tell you easier! Haha what!!! Ican reach today coz I'm wearing heels muahaha! Nope no pastry~
Ahhh yizhan. They got something on so gotta change to tues same time.U can? Also project groups might change depending on our tutors
Kay... Since we are out already
call mi hp
Ll
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Tell her to be at mrt bus stop. Xinyi will be there too. Then we go tog. I booked a hotel rm there so staying 4 the nite
Yo dude I totally forgot my keys. Can you leave the room unlocked?
Nope... But gel is
Cool. Thanks!  :-)
Take care
Haha yeah she still use! We brought into the room LOL. Hahaha yeahHilda tay has alot to say! Haha why need write?? Jyjy!
2pm..
2 pm we leave lo
Abhi kaha pahuche?
m at the lecture too... where you?
u wan to reopen shop?
Am i that much dirty fellow?
There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?
It means squid
Possible to send me the info by tonight?
Can't le I at orchard le...
No haha they're nice ppl I think, dunno leh, maybe the dog or sth, wesee it happen quite alot if times le, at first thought is accidentallylet the dog out didn't know but then happen so many times I dun thinkit's the case bah. I was playing with the dog haha so fun and cute!Haha hmm I didn't go the camp, only the campfire LOL coz my friend jiome go last time! Yeah should be charismatic, lemme go check haha, butthey only spoke in tongues once throughout the service so I'm likekinda yay! Omg hahaha got deadline!!
Ya.. told her already. U submitted it online rite?
U enjoy urself over there?
in my hard drive only  <#> gb free space
Not yet. Can't seem to deploy it.
Lg: W <#> te-pf
ok im just getting ready :)
Lemme on weds
Hosea  <#> . <#>
I did your goddamned jumping jacks
K, see you soon <3
And by when you're done I mean now
Haha got, he told me to remove the $ <#>  for the shirt and willsubsidised all food and logistics.
Kk =)
Watching tv lor... Ü lei...
Lols aye got arp n training so no volleyball. Went fren condo lols. Iwas bored just now and tried to dl gba emulator
Good morning
Lol class open le, you all coming?
I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since <#> before I was even born!
Hahaha he's heavier than you if I'm not wrong! YEAH OMG. I SAID THESAME THING! hahaha! Xlxt much hahaha! No no you all are boliao(: hahayeah so no real preference! Go rest!
Hey meet at bench after roll call
hmmm why don wan to check? Where u trip anyway? In ur hse or outside? Oh okie gd gd
Will be there in 10 min
Hey Michelle, tt said he will be office from 8am to  <#> am tmr. Andif possible, please raise the issue regarding about the security guardto him. Because now sch policy is that no students should have nightactivities in campus despite having approval, which includes night ob.He knows about it but have yet to solve it. So give him a littlereminder, so it will be easier for your future plans too. :) thanksalot for your help!
Dunno got wat thing on or not leh.but most likely I think ok.haha.
So how did u find it in the end?
Omg how did u know what I ate?
Haha definitely! Sorry late reply! I went to go talk to my mum, shesounds a little weak but otherwise I think alright!(: have a safe triphome!
t chat going for lect
Test kaisa gaya
m at the bus stop already...
u still in lt? why impressed dear? want melon drink?
Slap. I know have!!!!
Tml ic engine lesson is go their automotive lab and dl...rmb wearpants and shoes lor...tml after ic engine lesson we go lunchwant?...we tok about it tgt?...
Just forget it,its not important.
U nvr go and c meh... U ah...
How are you ex-MATE?
Hey this week got wat hmwk
Hahaha photos lor!
Goodnight.
Lol yeah at this point I guess not
Open
merry xmas to u! ni hai hao ma?
Yeah =/
m at city link already
channel eight got zhou xing chi show!!
going to the PO later. bz
Tom is intrvw at 9 am. reply if u wanna come.
Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
K.thats good..
Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
Ok.. rose also coming? How to go there?
On train le dearie
Eh sorry...Mit on thurs k. Sorry ar...
Yea okay. Quads pain lik shit
Wahhh haha very tough?
Thx for the app planet. It works well haha
Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick ü up at 4 is it?
s after u? U beta report too... Haha, ya very cool, juz keep ignorin him...
Grrrrrraarrr
That's nice of u. So it's confirmed already?
Lol mayb later go hostel den do ba. Emo
Tml afternoon u not free for lunch buffet right?
chal asa kar energy saver hi le le...wo to fit ho jae ga
Helo ji helo.. Apka bday kal parso he na?.. Mera to march me ata he..
Okay (: shall just go out of sch first, dun want to be stuck inside haha
Would it actually be okay for <name>'s? My mom's kinda annoyed right now >>
Ok try my best
Serious jus put
How's it today
nice car
Yes of coz u can. Haha. Icic. Don't worry, yammy also didn't go andthere wasn't lec proper.
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
m asking my bro to fetch us
Hi sorry! I just checked my phone and email! Sent le!
ll keep my sat free den...
No,no,no...u 1st k?intro plzZz..
Haha yea you better finish your english too! Haha aft exams also notsuper free ): hahahaha you don't sleep as close to her as compared tome and my bro! My bro kicks also HAHA. ooo hahaha ok I shall write itnoww :P
Which beach?
Ok
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Shitting
Haha... Got extra?
<#>
Lol ok.I m already reaching school soon.haha.see u later.
Goodmorning sleeping ga.
I told ü dun need to go so early rite... Dun believe me... Read ur newspaper lar...
Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
K.
Is it . But its real
hee. gd gd! kiss u back! <3s
Diu le loumou
Dragon boat! Haha I dun know, timo say can leh! hahaha pig is pig!
Kor,  so I wait in central?
Oh sunday I also have something in the morning, earliest  <#> .
Laura wake me up! She said shes home :-). Sleep well dude.
Im still at home.
Ooopsi  realized u no lesson.tody! Kisses
Lol scold her tell her take bus.lol.
U ask her first than tell me lah cause i need someone who can cycle double to cycle with me
Okay.
is it?
Haha must be ite or jc guy. Because hanlin is still in army lol. Doeshe recognise you?
Hey you meeting your frens? I help you reserve seats.
Okie lor... Quite clean... Temp 10 over la...
We're going to Berkley lol
Yo cd for lunch
XP
I leave house at 8 so maybe take  <#>  mins to reach
DON'T KNOW EITHER. OH GO WATCH THE TRAILER IT LOOKS FUNNY
Sorry man..  I ll be a bit late.. caught up with something will reach by  <#>
Got buy breakfast?
Zhu, wendy is pissed abt the chalet thing? Tm i cant make it leh if don sing ktv next wk can meet to la kopi aft jess and bi work next weekend i not in sg
Great... Hope everything went well. Just arrived kalpity. God bless
They preferred Channing!
Indemnity form.
Hell to the yeeuh!
And captain crunch? Lol
Got! Got milk tea and red tea and coffee!
Hahas dun too hardcore la. After tis week my cardio will b imba le
Haizzzzz
Watching hulu.
if u are in town. I take taxi myself.
Hi..wat doin
De de at home.. u need to change?
Lol never mind. Btw tuesday wednesday you got class?
Nope
Bhai m0vies site se nai h0ti unki links dhundni padti he ya t0rrent pe milti he
K, makes sense, btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas
Nvr go there but got take picture from ferry...
%Samosa%鈥┪?? 螖 螖 螖 螖 螖鈥┾????%Apple Juice%鈥﹍"l )鈥﹍__l鈥┾????%Banana%鈥﹡() ) ) ) )鈥┾????%Jelebi%鈥〡@@@鈥┾????%Laddu%鈥㎡OOO鈥┾????%Iam  FIRST% %person% %giving% %deepavali% %TREAT.%鈥〢dvance happy diwali
Ps jus realised diff break...
ic
Ah I forgot I got napfa training at 5pm. So I will only be free from  <#>  :-(
Lol...when u have a mom like mine you'll do anything not to live with her. Everyone that's tried has ran out screaming.
I pro ma haha. thot u expected A for discreet?
when I try to log in, they say close already
Buy for me 4D please, 7485 6852 both 5 big 5 small.
Where?
Sweeety!ok dar !! So yei yei u. Hee. Now going clementi eat dinner
Text me soon
Ha mil jayega
Ah thanks. Can give his number?
Oh~~~ lum si wo le~~~ lol... so caring gf I have.. slurp slurp* yahaha but the big fish also got twist lol
Okay then (: sorry about it!!
Hey nid $ <#>  le... Tts why optional
Oh okay.
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
Noted. How abt the forms and CAS?
Hey... Realli noe its veri mah fan so will treat u to a gd meal aftward... =5
Ecp? Really?? Haha I was playing sims abit, now close eyes restawhile, wanna sleep but cannot fall asleep! I wanna eat lunch too~~!
oki see u tomorrow
Haha so smart! Hahaha I prefer essay:/ he module coordinator, givehis classes alot of hw, then other classes damn slack one:/ sian hahayeah all die together so become so so! Hahaha nice! Haha I had mathtoday, you had graph theory right! How was it?
Hahahaha start of semester only eh. Havent even term break.
When the mid-night bell rings tonight....let it signify new and better things for u,let it signify a realisation of all thinks you wish for,let it signify a year of courage & believes,wishing u a very...very...prosperious  <#> .
Hmmm... I dunno leh... I only saw u w ur ex b4... haven seen ur new one...
I should think so... how else are you gonna compare differencesbetween different groups? Like, I'm doing gender...
Hi.
s bash only...
Asli UNLIMITED sms pack.Sms kare ACT SMS <#>  to  <#>  aur paye unlimited Local+Ntl sms kisi bhi network pe Rs <#>  me  <#>  dino ke liye.
ll be leaving for ABC at 6pm. Will be attending a talk. If u r coming for the talk by Zopa Rinpoche, U can
Im going off from room now ireena and rin if anyone who want to chat with mè can sms mè at 98754214
i think so.
Great! I have to run now so ttyl!
Hee. The ceremony starting le.
Lol true. You wont be lost at great world city though.
Kent vale lor... Ü wait 4 me there ar?
Lollll
Sorry, I can't help you on this.
Tum harsh ho na?
Wer r u
Wh r u?
Come to fara!
Uptil now, no one said no yet
Tiwary now
Coming out of movie.. should be back in  <#>  mins
Okie
m at home now... My first lesson is eng lor...
Umma. Did she say anything
Since you already looked intimidating already, might as well.
MY NEW YEARS EVE WAS OK. I WENT TO A PARTY WITH MY BOYFRIEND. WHO IS THIS SI THEN HEY
yah, wed i think. But i noe she not free on wed.
Khana paka raha
Tell him YES.
Lol sounds like a plan. So is it slow at work?
Haha yeah damn crowded! Haha they asking where are you now!
Sorry i was busy
Eh i'm going out leh you about what time i ask my grandma collect
Hahaha they know me la they're my exchange ppl! Timo is the Nobelguy!! Hehao is the shuffling guy!!
Ohh! Okay yeap reaching le! Is lewis gonna play with us? Haha I amemo I have night training ~~
Imagine cup ppl will do it tomorrow. Contact Gayan Garusinghe on  <#> . Tell them that I told u to contact...
No, its on Thursday
Huh tmr still got time to shop meh...
Hey yun you want to meet for lunch? With ah hui and me?
Hi.. I also like to attend.. Where is it and what rimw..
s way beyond wad i can possibly get! haha, catch up with you again
geylang is far lo
Sorry!!! Yeap ok!
<<<<< <#>
Haha sorry>< chibi feel asleep waiting for your sms><
Oic lol... eh nope but u can da bao to my house if u want... anyway ucoming from bishan the bus won't go pass petrol station leh u argaarga see got a blue fence construction site u alight ok?
I dun noe leh, how abt e one at lor marzuki? Have u check e yellow pages?
Hahaha nvm I shall just carry my phone! In my pocket!
Gud morning
$6 if only the inner tube. I need the uncle to check for other parts also.
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y May God bless u!!:-)
Dear how you. Are you ok?
gal, where u buy those durains puff?
Hey bro, free to meet up tonight?
Ohh nice! Good for you:D so one is p2 then the other is?
Yup
Ya if dun mind....can see?...
I can meet after  <DECIMAL> ... what time wld you like?
Taking off, love you bro
Yeah and cannot receive some also right! I know that feeling, damnsian. Haha yeah but I dunno leh haha need to get new one for boardingdinner and prom anyway so might as well! Did I tell you I'm going toyour prom? Hahaha
Lolwut highschool library bought pixiv  <#>  artbook
Wa! Then u die le lo lol
Oh u can throw the bottle away as well. Thnx.
Hi. Shall we meet later at 2pm? There is no consultation but we canfinalize the code and testing.
Hey, is everything okay with Zoe??
Sj yh free wad
Lol who called you just now?
Haha ya.erm its just showing wat we have done for the report.wan to show video or wat oso abit weird.
Haha nono as in he will say that too! He got chalet today!
Its hard to believe things like this. All can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
T.T so awesome... The teacher is late...
Trunks and change shld be enough
Yeah just reached. Unpacking stuff now.
Lol wait till I become a policeman then say eh.
It's ok, at least armand's still around
Ps I 2moro can't go
Of cos~~~ o.o... wat is it related to lol... hungrygowhere thewebsite down! And insing de all not much review lol... we go city hallthere? Since there a lot western lol... or u look thru ur list see gotwat to eat!
Not to check in but security is growing. I'm not through security yet though
Nothing. Can...
want to eat?
Hahaha dun la! I just think she become very slack but veryhardworking,I dunno how to explain, it's very confusing. Haha yeahkinda:/
Hahaha where got funny. Im just being polite.
Hey rem to send by tonight!
Morning! monday. tuesday and friday is my off day. go for makan
If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
Haha okay.
Hahaha ps!! Ehh!? I meant that since you so full, then you can starvethe next few days! I shall see what is there to eat at home!! All thebuses came alr except  <#> ):
Why not?
How can i believe.tell some thing to make it sure and finaly tell ur name
Haha I dunno, :P I never got to talk on the phone when Spencer hadchalet de, he will only very rarely reply me de! Hahaha coz I'm closeto yx, so I poke her about it the most probably! Haha how was it? Areyou sleeping now? I just woke up!(: morning!
I don't know lol
got win ?
Fakir is Jaime! Misunderstood knight, huge fan base, new people don'tunderstand why
hee!! my baobei smile happy happy i also dum dum le. love u!!
Hah I think saturday half day.
2day is World Sorry Teling Day" So if I hv hurt u anytime
Hey jingting, I need you to call up the schools again to follow up.
Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
Since lk tt den dun go lor... A bit weird to go pubbin together oso... Unless u can click w her la...
Eh meet at  <DECIMAL>  instead
Hey do u have xtra scv to sell??
won't have dinner, u know. u may want to tmr lunch,i think.
Got dear
U ask Xyan whether she can make it, if not all come for e lunch. 1 lah, how long can we eat, if u rush den u make a move first.
Once free call me sir.
oh ya, it's today !  hmm. i meeting ben today wor.. the rest all going yr hse?
I sent the sms before I could finish typing haha!
Yup jeff need to leave early.
Hee! Baobao smiling like dum dum now hee
one more stop to mug my dear!!
i suddenly feel like doing some volunteer work this holiday. are you game for it?
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;Raja.Airtel;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Ehh?! Must have someone wake everyone up:D haha why music screwed up?Hope the actual will be great! Hahaha how to wear! Inside cold!
Oh no i'm referring to the bag, you can open the text files if youwant HAHA. omg why? Does it say something about proxy server?
Haha ohh my I really don't want to leave this bed! Haha whatcha doing now?
Okay thanks. U sold them off successfully?
i think we can juz ask him what it means to b a 3 tier architecture.coz diff variations of the tiers exist, so just ask to confirm,agree?
But your brother transfered only  <#>  +  <#> . Pa.
Hahaha she says if abbie signs consent form should be can pay for them!!
Wts serious going police centre? I dam lazy on comp sia see how :/
hehe. today was abit busy so now then text u. how was ur day?
Thks!
Okay. Thanks.
Hee see my kiss have magic
Analysis of the text/argument: identify the main arguments andsupporting arguments. What is said and how it is said. Evaluation oftext/argument: maybe evaluated based onveracity/accuracy/truth-value/validity/strength of arguments.
Yeah best to do so I guess. If you need any more shows just tell me!
ll go check now...
Sorry i'm a pig ): hmm should I bathe?
Haha for u anything goes =p... no lah sms only.wat won't take long...haha hao de arh I also suddenly rmb got lab haven do can do togetherlol I bring laptop
Going javelin?
Haha kk. Happy birthday btw!
SINCE WHEN YOU THINK STRAIGHT DE HAHA
Still got Mattew Lao gao they all oso late rite.hahaha.
Kahan laude, aa na!
So fast wow! Really ah O.O interesting haha! Maybe ah, when I hadstomach pain haha! Why not cool?? But hard to maintain! hahaha let'sgo watch immortals!!!
Oh. I  <DECIMAL>  end. Wan go back 2gether?
Ya! Me and miwa are meeting at Öuträm mrt at 2 to get her perfume or whatever nice thing we see.. You join us?
spk sn x.
Hokay
K
Dude i'm interestd in buyng ur c0ins.. I ned  <#> rs old c0in,  <#> rs c0in,  <#> rs c0in.. Plz tel me its price
What time will they come?
Remind me 2 ask our juniors a uniform shirt n a black shoes
I need 2 server. And also got something to ask u. Pls let me know when u free to pick up my call.
Haha.. Hopefully can ba, anw, got Michael also.. Shouldn't be that bad..
Hi
Poke poke poke
What time should I tell my friend to be around?
Nope why?
Hostel
<#>
garden cafe upar aa
m gettin fat sittin ard... I juz wan a change of environment lor... Try diff jobs...
Ruby
Hi..any gal like 2 chat
So this will be your phone number?
I wont be able to,  <#>  is the latest for morning. But I'll stillprefer 9 so that I have some buffer b4 my next appt.
Sirf  <#>  k bhj dun?
See also page  <#>  n  <#> . U can aply i think.
Oh alright, see you tmr!
Thurs seems to be better. Around 5? Can?
Vadapalani Mandir Ji me  <DECIMAL> . <#>  ko prabhu bhakti ka karyakram Ayojit Kiya Gaya hai Dharm Premiyo se Nivadan hai ki Prabhu Bhakti ka Labha Le ve Jin Shasan ki Shobha badave Place : Vadapalani Mandir Ji Date :  <DECIMAL> . <#>  Time :  <DECIMAL>  Pm to  <DECIMAL>  Mid Night
Yeah just open chat and click friend lists. Then make the list. Easy as pie
:o are you serious?!
We can go ourselves also rite
I got a surprise :D
Woot.I ok.
Andrw,exactly 6 months ago i wnt thrugh d sadest moment n my lif,stil t s d same.i sufer n d same way.im cryin andrw.i cnt bear dis.i lv my brothr a lt n wnt 2 b wit al 6 agn.no lif 2 me til dat moment cms.g.b
Lol it only wrote ovaltine.
Typo! Waa someone excited bout 2moro eh
Take bus 96. actualli i anytime ok, wanna mit me at clementi mrt?
Where is the meeting?
nw jurong town hall rd. nvm, i go back myself
Dear..r u sleeping
All home?
Bblp home le. Kiss u much
Lol ok
Yup confirm.
Ricky, can you also get a quote for the venetian type blinds for thethird floor toilet?  I know it will be expensive but we also need itdone (possibly by your side).  Thanks!
Kk
Haha dunno:/ haha I cannot rmb what I recited ytd! Uhoh!
Very busy today.  Think i will have to work ot everyday after today! Sob sob...
Ok can, i wil upload again. But u make changes to carfinal1.Clp is it?
I tried e u2 black skirt... Very nice, how?Bt ex leh...
Me juz finished watching league  of extraordinary gentlemen.Rather nice but dun think gals will like it a lot... So, is your camp the overnight kind ?
oye slides to bohat bari bari thi, jo tune send ki ha un main to slides kam hain
Oh btw which store has the compressed air ah
sure. np
R u at home now?
Andrew, cn u pls gv dos 2 bit papr bundles 2 aysha akka, dos 2 are nt markd, i returnd the 3 markd bundles, tell her il mark next wk, dos in our lab a room - dinusha
Ehh I didn't see this sms): yeah haha wow even raghav? Yeah well theassembly not very worth watching! Haha yeah I did that too! Haha mytalk ended, it was lame and about sep/osap! Hear before le!! Hahagoing to see doc first ~ haha ooo! How is it??
Woot.the a2sd stuff like I use the darktremor.install liao is suppose to move everything of an app to SD?so by rite internal wun drop at all?
Ooh theres no lock?
U noe e one on our way to amore we always pass by one, juz outside e mrt...
Aww sorry, she said she going home after movie.
Miss you too. Just had lunch...
I packed one in oh well i'll wear the other
When does your course start? Maybe can meet up if ü r free before your tai tai life ends....    =p
Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*
The eaka email i dont know how to activate, can help? Thanks ya!
Ok
LOL REALLY. YAY. I'M CAMPING FOR THE NEXT ONE.  THAT'S YX ON HIS TEMP JOB
Sorry for the late recently was busy
The hotel is 5star, is Hilton, and we booking suite, only  <DECIMAL> k for the whole hotel stay.. The flight is 6k for 4ppl..
GC Services Private Limited Genpact Retrials Team C- <#> , Sector-8,Noida -  <#>   <#>  (UP) Toll Free Number:  <#>  Ph.:  <#>   <#> / <#>This is for PF related.
Oh no. Did any other grp apply so far?
D: yeah same thing happened with my old se and LG! Hahaha no I didn'tgrow but its not a very long dress either haha :P
Mine is frm 11 to 1. E place is 05-18. See ü =)
Hee no nd. U wanat ten also c. Hee.ove u dear. Muas
Ok lor u gd lor... U also forgot who ur gf is wat... So we jus forget abt each other lor...
Ah you have a point. Lol kk.
Smart causal.
Oh ya the cs5 install cos pirated abit ma fan.I reach home then MSN u.cos nid to edit the host ini file to block connection to adobe so they can't check the CD key.
I can find abt 3 long long things only. Enough?
Hey ü here yet? There are thousands of pple here and i dunno where to go
Okay im at kap le. Meet you here eh.
Haha okay ^^ shall wear jeans haha!
Eh.. at yishun?
Kya hua bhaiya
hahaha.. ok.
Anna v r geting down at kirulapana..At Which place 2 inform u? At kottawa?Pls da tel me once again *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy..
They know there's a carnival,but just don't know that there's such a booth. Until 6pm somemore LOL. Well.i got my itouch.
Oh great.
R u in school?
Happy birthday calvin!
Huffman coding
Aaron on iPhone
Haha i dunno! Chester also going! Haha if you do it inconspicuouslyno one will think it's bad! Haha yeah probably:P happy you're not likesuper duper possessive honestly! It will be very scary haha:P hahahano I won't:D it's ticklish! For you! Hahaha! Okay!!!
Me n xy r at wisma
Yay just completed tax return. Haha
Wow.did u seen him
Okay let's meet after roll call. Alex said he sent me but I nvr recieve...
Yes
Haha^^ okay! alright! haha (: whatcha doing now!
Okay will do. Whachudoin?
Hey, can u come online to msn now? DF got things wanna ask u. Haha.
hey, u gt take cm <#>  before? the lab take up the whole of 7hr? orcan start late/ end early?
Why are you up? Lol
where r u?
They kinda look trashy lol
Sorry I have cca): if can push two hours earlier, I can go >< sorry!!
Ila d
Gayle remain unsold..
All session. Anyway e highlight is not only e money la.. Also e company dinner.. Thats e best! Hehehhe... Cause nose bleed... I also put on weight. Sigh...
Please call
I won't see her anytime soon!
Yes dear, eat already. Now going home.:-P
no alh  we are not discussing fromt he viewpoint of lust, we discussing it from the point of being enginner or not
Rly? As in the 3 odac teams?
Paya lebar
Haha i'll be reaching school soon, like about  <#> h
May b:-)lol
Unlimited texts. Limited minutes.
Ok sure c u!
Lol but you still stalk people right hahaha
Thank you my dear friend..so sweet of you ! Have a good year ahead!
hi do you know anybody taking financial accounting this sem?
Haha okay I will sleep soon alright! Why are you staying up?
Hahaha! She knows la.. Lol! :) she stays near us lehs.. She stay at bukit batok central there..
Oh lame. Dun Emo over such things la
Lol nvr le. Is wat kinda competition
In the room now, didn't bring back
Nice to meet u too! Will keep in touch via email. Mine is benjamintanat nusea.org
TrumanS <#> E
Ate le. Where u. Come my booth le
Congrats. Study hard.
Aww hao bah. Haha.
Reached le. Battery low
Later at city hall you cross the road to Raffles hotel then take  <#>.. ok? Hee. If horland call us
... retribution
Results are out. Check out our 3214....
SEE IT'S FULL OF THEM
Im going home already.
Sure yo
Omg creepy! But cute anot? Haha quickly go home!!
Hahaha  <#>  mins?? Yeap just finished bathing! I forgot to bring mywallet, so my dad fetching me home! Hahaha omg you very cute sia!!!They not v strict about the bubble gums de! hahaha I dunno! My dad sayone! One of them is Andy lau!
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Hee. Orh! Lovey dovey sweety! I eat full full already! Enjoy urdinner! Muggles.
Oh meet at lt <#> a.
t do anything to my part of the project. Thanx!
m not goin to do it liao cos got test tmr...
hawhaw later shawn go fondle it then fyl.
Hahaha yeap!!! I dunno hehehe go there EAT MURTABAK!!!
STATUS 9RA3ZAQC
Yea manz! Can gimme ur full name and email?
Oo. How much u paid for it? We free. Haha
s new Missed Call Alert service till 30 June. Check out www.miworld.com.sg
Coming out lo
Oh okay thanks for informing. Do I get the cash advance from you next week?
never be sad
Aha ( ;-) ) ok! Go ahead then.. cut it off!!
When l u cm 4 din
I'm driving
What's <name>'s number?
Oh okie den... Cya...
S16
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
Okay. I'll set off in  <#>  mins time. Give u a miss call when ireach. Thanks!
Woah express means it's john soh's batch eh. Is it the top student?
Tot u coming 2day?
You owe me money.
Happy X'mas 2 u. Dear friend! May jesus gv evry thing 2 u.
Thoda tm bt kr lo usse ek br aur mere bare me.
Post!
I will attend the wedding. How about accommodations?
is there any pond?
R u free 2day after 5pm? I meet u to show u the letter
Soil
My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
Ok I'll ask around
Yeah..that's..that's true
Wait wait I just woke up
Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
ok lah
Haathi aur Cheenti ka prem vivah hua.Dusre din hi haathi mar gaya.Cheenti boli Wah re mohabbat" ek din ka Pyaar mila aur saari umar kabr khodne ka kaam mila."
Did noe valentine is oso friendship day.. eh heh, long live our friendship and A6!
Go there eat haha! U in sci?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
How are you
Haha>///< oh no I have so many names:P haha oh they all no chinese,so going out before my chinese As anyway haha.. I got cluster outingon  <#> th also so yeah haha (: just nice ah hehe!
Oe jaldi kar ghnta ra gya hai. Abi sirf 3 kie hain.
Lols ps. Erm u got jailbreak?
i had lunch please don't prepare it
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
Ur makin serious a smal thngs.u didnt lyk me talkin with schol frndz na..
tml will b another day...dun always look the grey side mar...try the bright side lar... dun worry too much, later i go find u yam cha...
Yeah lol... did you wanna call?
My shirt $ <#> !
Ok noted. Btw now ultrasonics range every loop but only read when no ir, slight improvement in speed
Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now.
Hi ppl who know about ironing board, please don't talk about itduring chalet if we play truth or dare, I don't want wr to know yetcoz he's from my exchange group. Thanks!(:
NO I NEVER STUDY WTH SHE GIMME SUCH SHORT NOTICE NO WAY MAN I TOLDHER I GOT CCA.
Why say until like dat? Ok lah, i let them noe on tue, den cfm back with u.
Ok._. Wake up call me.. rem to do mpe!
I think 6th door from the front!
Lg in biz lib. Kisses. I give the dong dong le.I put on table. Hee.
Hey n?¤n?¤..if u can pls get me a definition for 'educational psychology'.It's not urgent.but leisurely.Did?¤ng?¤ (adhuku ini urum?¤dha):-) bye.Gbu
Hihi can fetch me around  <#> ?
Will be late
Yah lor, last min one.. With my father friend.
can you lend 50 dollars to me first
K, thn 7.
<#>   <#>
On my way to IMM :-)
Yes yes perfectly understand. I got caught up with some unexpectedstuff so slipped my mind. Will send it to you by tonight for sure..
Jus transfer dryer?
ORBCH <#>
can we shift the lesson to monday after ur school?
Boring. Bored. Waiting for david. I know he's gonna kill.
Nv eat le. Andy eating with Leon, I going lunch later with Lucy.
Idk! Buy stuffs I guess
ve got driving test if she mark attendance if not den nvm lor...
you free tomorrow ?
Lols ok BTW 2moro Dylan say can't le lmao!
Epudu vastau bhayataku
Cute feeling....!鈥㎝y hands never pain鈥﹚hen typing msg鈥ゝor u,鈥゜ut..鈥﹎y heart always pains鈥﹚hn there is no rply鈥ゝrm u!!good morning:-)..
Eh today u got any programs? Wanna mit me in town aft work? I wanna look 4 jobs lei...
That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
Laogong! I love love u la. Dun sad k
Lol okok
Haha when?
Hahaha the cluster ppl! Hahaha no mass dance not necessarily shitty!Haha oh noo:/ I'm not free to teach on other days D: I teach youseparately?
heee me too!! i wan to baobao u! coming to find u
Oh? Should I go now? Lol
Shiv?
Hahaha her husband not here ah! Omg the kid gets one seat to himself!
Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
Waiting for eman cut hair. Now he going back sch le
finally my result's came..i got distinction
Cfm la. Heeee. My mama cfm happy
I want to be inside you every night...
I feel so bad. maybe have to mc tomorrow. what time you go back? take care bye!
nai yar
Oh oh.  <#> . Posb savings
I'm sorry :( just know that none of it was an attack on you. You'rethe best girlfriend
Thks. Ur face  <#> % completed
Oh u not going home? Wat time can go Oo
It's too unsafe for me. 2nd floor can still be climbed in.
Hahaha anytime, just ask me out. :-D  btw this friday you free for dinner?
Start at 3?
Yes its possible but dint try. Pls dont tell to any one k
Lol alright alright. I dont need of those haha.
where you want to eat ?
I meant middle left or right?
Cn i gv u a cl at ur lnd ph?
Haha. Same i will poke u.
Ok do as you like
Gay dog
Please sms me the details of tomorrow 's viewings, can't take phonecalls past 7pm. Thanks
Going for smo and sat?
Lol ok see u tmr then.I got lesson until 4.Sian.will try to be there.
Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
Haha ohh no how!! I don't know if i'm free either):
I just reached bugis now waiting for Chester heehee!
Jus dao and talk to him tonight
Can't la. Need do hmwk
dardar, i taking one rnd, meeting my sis at sunshine place. dun worry k. lv u!
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
Yeah true that. Whachudoin?
Oh no! I have no idea omg I go check awhile! Uhh  <#> ? The packageis from  <#>  I think!
Hey, so got chalet?
Yooo
Whr ru?
Tonight you wanna play?
Got extra red shirt to lend?
tere apne kitne hain
Oh no:/ like whether we want to do it, how we're going to go aboutdoing it? And minor details? Or just send email ask for ppl interestedthen form small planning comm? Then like that easier to find commontime?
U can slowly eat cause leo still got like  <#>  to  <#> mins then reach.
Waa okayy
Wah never invite :-(
Sry andrew ts ok. Take care
Lols  <#>  yr old I go slp le
Then ur physics get a-?
Sweety i will be in com1 basementater  phone low batt
t sleep well. :)
Yup can. What time tomorrow?
Hahaha youre legend, fuck if that happend :-D
Allowed,but this sorta content might make us seem a little too close to her liking. So,i gotta be cautious.
Wenwen do you have my blazer?
Na I'm now at bugis liao... hmmm then another time ba.
Lols when
Aiyo... I saw tis track pants only 6 bucks... Even cheaper, u still wan?
Leona not going...
Y u didnt like
m supposed to mit u all 4 shopping onli...Wat happen to xin?
dun like tat leh MR joe.
Too tired to talk abt it nw lah, nxt nxt wk den tok abt it.
A gram usually runs like  <#> , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  <#>
Alright, thanks love.. this sucks
Wat? How can u on time! I purposely ask Jeremy long bang me one lo sosure late lol
do you want to squirtle on my jigglypuff
Yeah coming back already
Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
K:)all the best:)congrats...
Where are you ?
Currently got me, leo. Then later think got eve lyn and the other ogl bah.
Haha hao ah. Btw im hungry reh.
Ya. COME ON! Haha.
Hi Andreu,my nsb number.1, <#> , <#> ,  <#> ,5. Mrs.j. A. Chelliah.
Ooohhhh awkward
She got free ticket... Sia. But have to sit alone lor
Or just do that 6times
Baobei get some rest k. Sayang u more tmr!
Can send me the ward no
Iski pr0blm ajtak mje b nai pata chal pai..B-).. Waise ladkiya age kyu chupati he?
Ok.
too busy mayb tmrw
Hahahaha okay!!
What??? Ohh right you bought rabbits!! Show me picture!! :D
Didnt*
Hahaha what the!!!! Things like that I won't be lazy de lor! Hahamake me go down for nothing -sticks out tongue- haha okay enjoy yourmusic and the book! And eat dinner soon omg I'm sorry for keeping youout so long! Thanks for the random walk today haha!
Erm.. Cant tell first la... Later u will know one.. Can la...
Yeah! I just have rehearsal 6 to 7, then  <TIME>  to  <#>
Yo im home le.
Haha okay fine I shall ask from them! :P haha shiok!!!! (:excited!!!! (: hahaha nvm la means we get to spend more time there!!!(: (:
Okay what time?
My cca starts at 2 haha ><
Hi, this is Liau, your fellow <#>. U muz be bz packing rite abt nw. If u stay in the North and need company for the trearous journey to SoC, do meet us at either Adm or Wdl stn ctrl rms at 0800 n we can make our way down 2gether. Do sms me which stn if u're joining us. Reminders: wear black, bring ur signed indemnity form, thermometer and an open heart! Catch the much needed rest and see u tml =)
Am at the Indian stall
Hey I off class le.
Ehh? They end le ar..
laogong, rem dun let dum dum hungry k. Mugs my lovely boy.:-)
wtheck virtualand bugis go convert to ecard payment then I want to pong also cannot
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
yo i saw u in lect jus now...where u now?join us 4 lunch?
I by 9pm tell u ok??
Oh serious? You have to call hongling and ask her lol.
hey sure. guess ull party til drop yeah! merry xmas
I v bored ah, u still in school?
Bro christo  <#>
m not at home in da aft wat...
Have u finished chaneling? Baba says about some cals with red numbers come n if aoswered brain damage ocurs.specialy foreign cals. Take care. May God bles u.
If i wear my sec PE shorts u think funny or not? Still fit but jus got a small logo there. U going home 4 dinner?
Chu-bra is M <#> ?! Outrageous, I must say.
Free?
Hahaha I see. Now confirm got cally jeff. Not confirm got jm eve.
m in nus sci... U leh?
Bhai uska numbr mere pas v nai he.. Bt nai h0ti jada usase.. Lyf ke kya halchal he
2+1. Common $ <#>  master $ <#>
Jesus, someone's trying to make a "PoC meet up"
Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
Will reach in  <#>
Got it
This month of January is very special. There are 5 Mondays, 5 Saturdays, and 5 Sundays in only one month. This only happens every  <#>  years. It is called the "money bags". Forward this message to 8 good persons and, as per Feng Shui principles, money will flow. Those who stop the chain will get nothing. Shall we try? Good Luck!
Okay cool awesome!!! No pressure. Talk to you soon :)
r u coming?
s as well
Lols not yet why
t stay too late
OK
Rly? Yest he still sent cherie hm le.
do not disturb mr manohar :-p
I tot oh is ewg
Im in class yo.
Mayb ard 5pm?
Fwd: Ahah by the way u can come and collect ur shirt on Monday before9!:)ill be at odac room!pass this down too^^$ <#>  BTW~
Sup man merry x mas tell my mom to, my phone expired i will call when i renew it
Can u ask ur gf, if e Nuskin clear action set n e marine mud mask is gd?
What time to assemble tmr?
No no not at all... I'll take care of him and try to find your ice cream =P
I'm hurrying
Ha ok bhai mje  <DECIMAL>  utha dena plz
Ok.:-)
Hi for tml.meeting, where would u all like to meet? I suggest we meetat  <DECIMAL>  we can have lunch together
I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
Haha u got plenty of room to get fat! T.T... me ish ur bf leh leaveme out please my money also all urs lol... ya lo so sad... anyway didI tell u my psycho term test got  <#> / <#> ?
Haha no problem. I wanted to take picture and send over to you de lol
Haha, my legs and neck are killing me and my amigos are hoping to end the night with a burn, think I could swing by in like an hour?
What doing?
I DUNNO HAHA TMR'S MTG?
Lol wear specs siboooo.
Nope... Juz brin ur green booklet...
Vadapalani Mandir Ji me  <DECIMAL> . <#>  ko prabhu bhakti ka karyakram Ayojit Kiya Gaya hai Dharm Premiyo se Nivedan hai ki Prabhu Bhakti ka Labha Le evam Jin Shasan ki Shobha badhave Place : Vadapalani Mandir Ji Date :  <DECIMAL> . <#>  Time :  <DECIMAL>  Pm to  <DECIMAL>  Mid Night
s a little kitten in our hse...
Lols Kk cya I going back now
Okay. Mno deliverables settled right?
Haha*
The event ending at  <#> .
Haha its alright, sorry I just saw this! Haha once from a boys sch,always from a boys sch! Morning!
Okay cya!
Sorry!!!!!
when ll u com bak to hom.m wa8ing
Ya, direct to wdl int
Didn't get.
How mch? U help find gals I find guys?
Gg Wksht 2c where got ester
On train to white sands. U le?
LOL neh no thanksssss
Eh no im just kidding lol
No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
sure or not ? dont bluff me lehz
Don act stupid !
K give u at cca?
i like fu and cute friends!:)Meet lotsa happenin pp here! Chat now!sms ON to77333. Weekly prizes 2 be won too!
Hey happy Diwali to you too! Regards to family as Wellness. We meetin the evening
Tanking! Haha yeah>< I don't have roaming wor! >< just die hahaha ifreally no internet access then really test le:P haha parentsquarrelling, or maybe they are just talking very in a very agitatedtone haha!
No la got run car in the morning n afternoon, at night going tocousin wedding and I don't like ubin.
Yeap
Ok. I drink alot already. U can ask weihao. U also must drink more.
yehi ha na...ya koi aur bhi ha
Wan clap for sankar?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
I'm good.
okay.Then c u at 10am at mpsh
I thot u changed it to Fri coz he bin not free?
Nope at home watchin tv... Ü?
For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. <#>  Petrol-Rs. <#>  Beer-Rs. <#>  SHESIL  <#>
Can you also let us know the cost for the attic door and whether thepartition can be built?  Can you also send us the current floorplans?I still only have thee original ones.
Come fast..
m on the train...  where shall i meet ü ? I think ü wont be late coz i need to walk to suntec
Okay I am going out for dinner first. Chat with you later k
I didnt tel dat i am nt in mood..i dnt knw to try more than it
Indi finished. Sj first
t mean it wont break.
Why
Umma
Order no-  <#>
Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANY
Morning! I bet you are still asleep lol.
Are u pregnant?
Na enna panna first na than unaku send panna avala yaru atha copy panna sonna
Sadlyyy
Thanks!
Well plan lol
It takes tym for me to finish after dat i vil sleep
Agreed.. well I'll call from now onward
Staying tonight?
dar there raining heavily leh. careful arh..
Ooo! I dunno leh I never check, but it's really damn easy to find online!
Need help for Coa...
Cool. Call me when you reach.
... Mummy got talk to her?
Haha u said e same thing as me. U ask ben wats e plan tomw.
Replies cook
Going embargo i dun think so buy i dunno who is going as well meeting at one fulleston
Wah he so ti3 tie1... Hee...
See you soon
Lols  <#> mins la.. who said  <#>
May God bless you in  <#>  with his choicest blessings. Fr. Bob omi
Hahaha by 5 is it? But I not going home anytime soon! You want loginmy fb ask my friends for me?
As in jio ppl go la
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
t rush ok?
Oh no sorry can give me like  <#>  mins I need to keep bed><
Symonds now
K
I don't have the biometric passport yet, so my passport number is thesame as my ic number S <#> E. Same with joshua. Planned to make thebiometric one after shakedown when we have time.
Goodnight (:
Ok can.
Sorry im still working
Evening aha.
Ok, noted.  :-)
Ok
Yeah hehe I've been wanting to drink it the whole day! High five:Phaha icic, when I sick I will still force myself to do things dehaha:P haha my grandma dun really say directly she dun like my mum orsth, just very strongly implied through her words haha. if you arefeeling not too bad, can call me chat abit?:P I haven't heard yourvoice the whole day!
I juz came back frm aust yest lor... Cant take e heat here liao... I shld b doin fine too, put on lotsa weight...
Lols where u?
Don't have le leh. Haha.
I thiiink so but I'm not sure. Like ccc#>ccec# and then ccc>cecc...but maybe you can combine those rules
Wah... How slim? Ü ask him how he lose weight? Haha
Hmm. I see
Sure
So meet where wat time
Haha because I reminded you!
Go say hi lols! U there for comp?
How come?
MAY99,HI
Wan go sundown marathon?
Yeah maybe I can go down early to buy tickets then slack at thecoffee shop to study.
<#> Fredericksburg rd suite 2 phone # <#> . It's called animal emergency room. Open <#> hours
Oooh buy me a drink
I take different paper from him eh. Can, got lynette!
Ok 9pm@cine?
Ok sir.
Hey everyone! our dear pink has her driving license already!
It's okay. Haha.
Ane andrew im cryin d entire day.i cnt c my malli goin thru dis much f pain.i lv him a lt,n i mean t a lt.....
I got cip so staying in sch
Hi rebecca, so do u need tuition tml, or maybe wed?
can
Outside com1 sr3? Okay noted.
Hmmm that's a lot of tweets to favourite! Might as well just copy allthe tweets from the webpage right?
emailed the stuff to you guys...
Hmm.. I at the entrance to interchange ..
Hmmm... Try to tell me asap k...But i cant only meet u after 630...Cya...
Its k.
Ok i come to e canteen now.
Kal subh  <#>  bje gurgaon me. Ayega?
Haha thanks a lot! Sorry about this morning heh
Test 2 on whole of chapter 2?
No la cca lols
So how did u find the talk? No internships u know....only fulltime
He put on ur table le
Anything lor, once u ready den u come lah.
Yes, I will be attending
Happy birthday bro! All the best to you! :D
Teck guan at dr 6.
He come liao
You home?
No.. can you SMS me the login and password you are using?
My dear, i m still having lecture... U add oil for your project too... I miss u
We at clementi mall now eating. Help u dabao?
Lol I think so?since I shd be in school n I nid food.
Mm
<DECIMAL>
Where are you call me.
Meet  <#> pm pls make sure everything works fine on the actual siteno local host ya. The FB thing don't seems working.
How about clothes, jewelry, and trips?
s yr hols been girl...So long never talk to you already.
Did Mark switch classes?
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Waa jus Emo man.
Anythin... Ok lor...
Chettan sittng besid me.
Hey minh tuan, Nishanth here. Please call me between  <#>  pm whenyou are free... thanks
F0rgiven..
Sure! When can you?
Eh.. no BA..I still at home:/
Oh
Am only searching for good dual sim mobile pa.
Can run?
Haha dunno! Maybe some random bench haha:P you will be very tired!!
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
:-)  it will la. Just wish him all the best. Maybe one day his gfwill change her mind.
s e best choice den we juz have to take it...
HAHAHA also can la.
OK. Same place
Yeap now coming le. Sorry cause just woke up at 4pm.
Hmmm... Not sure too... Have to ask weiyi first...
(To be clear, I'm kidding. Ice only read Everett's first paper so Ican't agree with either of them yet)
Ok see you
Okay gotta donate more to get $ <#>
Tkt cancld.
errr no... y?
Okay noted.
So far so good lor... Starting my 6 day wk tis wk.A bit sian but still can cope la...
Xy say hers is a wierdo... She v scared...
<#>   <#>
Around 46 need 55 at least
Yea... lucky for me the person came back to his seat before I sat down
Dont count part time de, we have 6?
ATITUDE ROCKS. I Talk To Myself Because I Like Dealing With A Better Class Of People.gn tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Bout  <#> . Wanna buy him a beach pants. Got like  <#>  dolars more
Hmm dunno leh! I think should be able to find them bah!
Pls do.
U won! Lols say mistaken
U went ubin! Yea I also Emo siaz lol paralysed whole day. Lols 2moro go where?
dear wan anything from north point?
Oh? Lol wow that's a new discovery eh. Sim got swimming pool?
S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
i just got on the train...
Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
Lols! Not eating seafood horfun?
Thank you a lot for the beautiful messages.
Ok no problem...
Having class now, what's up?
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
Oh no just die! Haha okay!
THIS IS REALY TRUE.PASS THIS TO 5 PERSONS.'I LOVE YOU JESUS YES I DO'AFTER  <#>  MINUTES SPECIAL WILL TEXT YOU.PLZ DO NOT DELETE THIS UNTHIL SEND IT.
Dont forget our meeting tommorow.
this weekend cnt enjoy at hoe
Ü free tmr...
I see. Tues busy siaz u can try asking shaohao though.
Thursday.
Ok, I see. Will discuss next time.
Eh where is your class
Lols mine wing chin master le! The one tt can da shi ge
Not joining you, buying from coffee shop.
LOL HAHA VERY GOOD!!!! YES VOTE FOR ME HAHA I WILL MAKE A BETTERFEEDBACK SYSTEM AND BETTER EVENTS!!!!!!!!!
PEOPLE NOW A DAYS R GUD:-)
Like roly poly?
Haha and lynette!
You are on ah..
Ah OK.
Tml usual?
m refering to the BZ project? Wah! Wah! Wah! Esp. the ratios? Wah! Wah! Wah!
Haha that's so random! Oh got mum one ah LOL. Haiyo you should makean effort to attend frequently! A commitment is a commitment. Hahahabut you go le won't feel relaxed after that one ah! If I have organlessons, I will look forward to it every week coz its a change fromstudying haha!
PI
HAHAHAHA where got serious.
Hahah =P
Dar wsit for me at lib k . Muacks
Eat already?
OK.. will see you in  <#> .
thanks!
Ooo how come you use long version!
Ohh we go back early lah!
Eh jus meet at nite ba. I stay in hostel in morning
wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
Looking for food.. Hagar. U eat already?
I am already here
Lol umm same thing lo. Forms and cash.
I took ew at first, then thought I'd try circle line, then decidedit'll take too long then I got off at bishan and took ns downwardshehe!
Same to you.
Tokyu mac la... 840 la...
I have one giant Listerine strip because of the rain =(
CONGRATS ~~!!!!!
Lol still on your way back home I guess?
Hi Ing Cheong, can you bring a sample of the sheer? Thanls
I'm not smoking while people use "wylie smokes too much" to justify ruining my shit
Call back when free
really.oh.nearer to my wkplace ñ stella choose one mah.
WHAAAATTT
Wa liddat also can T.T... then thur I must go eat le lol... wa nvm Ijust ate supper also... and our range is  <#>  lo since when become<#> ...
S.
I'm in market, call you later.
Ya after my CL3
Ding ding!! I love my dear!! Jump on u! Hee.pring * :*:*:*:*:*:* xoxo
I finish at six too! See ü then..Ü
Hahaha so suay ah. But when you win 4v5 it's quite shiok
Hey, we r now deciding role for the project.. What do u wanna do?
Woah you faster than me leh. Lol I was crossing the bridge.
Okay! (:
Ok ok... Tmr ü free ? Coz wa and pink meeting up
Congrats can celebrate today... No wonder dat day u dun wan to say... So hw many pts u got?
wah... u very good lor... push everything to me...
Hi Andreu, did u go 2 c dehiwela rum?he says  <#>  4 rum of 2,if u come he can decide. Just peep n c.may God bles u.
Yea awesome :)
Umm wanna meet today or sth? Sorry late reply yesterday my phone washaving probs!
Did you open edit profile of many users at the same time in multiple tabs?
Celebrate dinner with scar, eat restaurant
Ok thks mr lee
Yo sorry. Will be late.. some guest came.. had to humour them. Lets target 4
Alright. Let you all know later.
good morning
Sweet?¨st Sunday, Marvell??us Monday, T??sty Tuesday, Wonderf??l Wednesday, Tha?±kful Thursday, Fr??endly Friday, Succ??ssful Saturday, Hv ?¤ Gr?¨at Ye?¤r H?…PPY N?‰W Y?‰?…R!
Aiyo... Since u not goin den me n mich only oso no pt lor...
>< ><
I ask my French to print n submit for Me already.
I'm in departmental meeting now. I'll call you later.
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Girls toilet
K..k...
Hey I'll be abt  <#>  min late. Still on train from bugis. :/ u lookfor place first?
OH OKAY JUST DO IT :DD HAHAHAHA
dun buy liao
Are you going to see her show today?
So sad... I bought e opera bar got no discount... So small somemore...
Im up.
Hey Rohan, have a good trip! Keep in touch and good luck with your book :-)
Dun*
Oh okay. I go ahead and book hor. I asked for u about the tuition.
Lol ok.
sry boss, i thot meeting is at  <#> , just realised it's  <DECIMAL> .so i stilll on the way
I am in the meeting
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Sentosa to learn volleyball lols. U meet them for wad sia?
Lol havent also. Okay i will do it later.
Wat da?
yun, if i cant make it u still going?Jos told me they going mohmd sultan, cover charge 12bucks.coz my dinner is quite late,abt 7 plus.
Ü give me some time to walk there.
I thought you have a lot already..? All take out from cupboard and wear ..haha
Hello sharis. This is clarence. I got yer no frm terrence hope ù dun mind. Cuz i saw a pic that he had of ù ñ tot ù were cute. Where ù studying now?
My fri ah... Okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt...
Extremely sorry! I will be v. v. v. late today? V. v. v. v. v. v. late?Sorry? paiseh. SORRY.
A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied "Boost is d secret of my energy" n instantly d girl shouted "our energy" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8
t waste my time
Okie...
U not rock climbing ar?
You ll be in tomorrow?
Hey i reached home le...Wat time yr sch ends? Inform me when u reached k.
Ps bathing. Do wad
Hmph. Go head, big baller.
They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
Im cant access to my mail now. I thought you have the email she sentyou last time
Ok sure.
nyp marketin.jenniffer tpp.i tink i wun stay for long la-bth.so mafan.try out play enuf go home.haha-
Got the answer?
Okay thanks!
Ok... like apple haha
Hi Dr Willy, this is Cheryl yeow, did you see my last email?
Have a great day :) See you soon!
Haha. I woke up to go toilet. Then went back to sleep.should be goingthis Thurs. When your fyp starts?
Hey so whats the plan this sat?
I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?
Othrwis wot 2 speak nw... If u want v may luv 4 sm tim n can sleep....
U thot. I'd be late. Lol
yuh, maybe u can bring e laptop lor. 2molo en decide where 2 do it lor. DREAMZ FM new song! Not bad!
Nevermind I'll enjoy myself at art club then
Yooo where are you guys?
Yay! Thanx! :D cya tomorrow!
Naiteimasu =(
Whats your password?
From him haha omg i'm freaking noob!
Ohh okay. I just came back from gym with my friend who's a member ofthe gym at fusionopolis.
U wanna ask hj?
Sure..Ü thanks!
leaving hse in 5 min.
Greeeaaaaaat
I think so
He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
Ya damn and that stupid woman needs to get fired...
<#>   <#>
Haha hurhur. Never add as friend? XD
Haha okay. I can download at home already le. =D
Shld be like last time 1~2 rite. Why le?
Will be office around 4 pm. Now i am going hospital.
Ya
LEARN TO KILL:-(
Help me post my letter on e dining table...
K:)how is your sister kids?
"I value u mor than I value my lif, so wen I say u r mine, its just as gud as saying u r my life n my life is truly precious for me!" U R MINE. 4 EVER. N EVER..
Nt very sure whether i und it correctly or nt, but itr sounds to me that the only way is to change the flag mod, if ur fb node is a special node tat is nt mention in flag at all... If fb node is node type tat recognize by flag, then most probably u can just change the fb mod only(if fb node are similar to other node tat using flag)
She will stay over at <name> house first.. haha
Again again!!
Anthena?
nai
LOL PAISEH
Is your course hard?Difficult to study?Hows your exam result...
Nothing
Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
tyari kar phir
So yei yei! Hee. Then I feed u using the aeroplane style. :p
but shes schling.tml?can haf dinner.
Ok babe ;)
Sorry =(
Hey, i'm at e back.
Fun secret language!
as i hav said.....i will let u know if u r being intrusive
Ok lah, quite cooling. But I like the ceiling fan in hostel.
Fuuu my bag tmr is too heavy
SORRY!!! I STILL DON'T HAVE A PROJECT YOU KNOW HAHA. WOW I AN AMAZED.SIAN HAHA I'M SO TERRIBLE AT MECHANISMS
Ya ee no need Coa. Lol I still doing.Need to list main issuesState ur stand on the issuesState reliability of authorState usefulness of article for tip
To9 gathering on right?
Hmm haha fine now not too bad, I will send it for servicing againsometime soon! Haha buy dress for etiquette dinner ._.
LOL what random qns!!! My bro keeps asking me stuff related to gameshe play like as if I'm very interested de haha! Chibi doesn't reallymind if my bro dun do things for me, I just really want him to studyhaha, ytd I move back home he bought me toblerone, so nice righthaha^^
Lol gd sia eh u getting anything or sharing present not ah.if got then I oso wan chip in.lol.dunno belated shd give anything not.
Hahaha I dun have anything to do! She's very assertive hahaha very cool!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Birds Tat lives in lake will fly away whn the lake dries up. Bt the lotus tat grows in the same lake wil die wit the lake.Tats comitment in friendship!! Gud nt
Cd
I'm at mu
My colleague (owner Agt) jack (hp: <#> ) wil meet u at lift lobby 8pm. Lis
Watchin vcd... But recorded channel u... Haha... Nitez too...
4 _ 4 _ 4 _ 4= <#>  U can use any mathematical sybol inbetween. Solve it
hello everybody
Yeh can.
not my biz. i am so sick staying at home.
Kisses for my so very huggable sweety!! Dear rem to drink water ok! Mugggggss
itna door...bhej main koi date nai thi?
It should take about  <#>  min
Wa, ur schedule so shiong tmr... Hmmm, den thurs lor...
Hahaha yeah she's cool! Omg I slept from my last sms ytd until today o.o
Noooo did I pass it to you? Go see doctor!
Lol u underground or something? Suddenly no connection lol... hahasushi tei secondary is miss u on sat leh T.T... ni she de wo so lonelymah~~~
Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
keen on grabbing some ice cream?
I din enlarge and c, so not sure got cute guys anot... Ya, got u inside wat, wow so sweet yo... Ya, e big heart one quite nice, but urs more creative wat...
Wanna eat macs breakfast?
Wooo HAHA okay. Anyway I dont think im going to marina barrage eh.Like awkward lol
Dont gotta thank me. Yeah I know,but it would have been dangerous for me.
Ya. Haha.just ended.. ding!
TAKE CARE AND BE HAPPY.
Haha okay (: just let you know i'm away on those dates first bah! (:
Hey, chunmin said meet  <DECIMAL> am outside tampopo at liang courton monday. Can anot?
Ok bro tx inf0rm me whnvr u'l get it
All those on MC are to be reported by 9am daily to Madam TNG KAH HUA at 64903110.To tell her whether having fever or for what sickness.Must comply
Am on l1
Im deaf...
THANX 4 PUTTIN DA FONE DOWN ON ME!!
will you meet me?
Haha :x I could've stayed up! Hahaha I usually brings skorts also!Haha alright! Maybe they are going to tioman LOL.
Are you at work right now ?
Yest watch horror movie le can't fall asleep.... only had a little slp
Why eh?
Dam kaobei
Ya don't worry about what she add ba...  actually I thought it wasfine already... if got time then talk more abt separation if not nvmla
Yay hee
Hey all:-) kindly msg me your dept, reg no and room no, so that i can get permission from shanthi to be outside hostel till 9.... :-)
ll tell jos...
<name> yo!
Haha.ya.but I extended for two weeks..:s
Angel: sim i elder than u ,u mind chat wif me.
m hungry... Are u ?
May you and your family be richly blessed this christmas.
Hey
LOL EVERYDAY GOT SOMETHING JUST DIE
<#>
Haha come down with 2 oranges eh lol. Here got cally xt and jeff.
Wat
In meeting da. I will call you
Lol please. I gotta enjoy it now before it gets to the <#> degree weather in the summer.
Do you think you can design one?
Sry aunty. For being so dum dum yesterday.:-P . How are u ?
Hahaha alright good night!
i dont like that english man :-@
Finish eating soon?...or just started?
Okie
Thanks alot. Really apologetic for disturbing you.
Hahahha okayyy. Happier for me lol
U like it better busy or slow?
s ur postin?
Woot.wan ask u ST de interview how de ah.will ask simi kind of thing.lol.
Lols! Kk but I  <DECIMAL>  nid come back do project
Nope):
NO NOT REALLY HAHA I WANTED TO TRY PHAN'S CAKE THOUGH HAHAHA AND YEAHTHAT WAS EARLY
Yepyep. And dump colour sensor in lab whenever you have time
Hi! Meet at rp at  <#>  am on Wednesday! (:
Dad says hurry the hell up
S.
But I reaching at  <DECIMAL> !
Hahah.. Ya man.. Lol..
bus stop pe khada tha cham cham kar ke ayi cham cham kar ke chali gayi....kal me sindoor leke khada tha wo mujhe rakhi bandh ke chali gayi...
Wat time liao, where still got.
Haha wait awhile!
You around?
Ya lo! Go see his vid one day with handstand he pee with handstandsiaz. Last time he break dance one
s cut.. So after u cut we go dye hair together? Good luck for ur papers!
great minds think alike
Hokay!
yaar assignment mili?
Aunty say bloodworms also can.
Oh I'm sorry!
Will b a little late. Eman there le
good morning
Haha cool! Oh the ms Celestine send de! Alot of ppl in my class got,surprisingly not all  <#> ppl got o.o they all bio hons de leh! Haha Iwant to take leh like so cool, but I have so stats and everything x.xsomemore need to pay $ <#>  o.o haha cannot concentrate, abbie want toconfiscate my phone liao!
Oh crap i don't have cash
Nolah. I'm still on my way. No worries. Haha.
Lols too early today
We saw fiona xie at taka... Haha...
Haha kiss u when u at home if u din nap lol... revitalize u lol...nuuuu I also want T.T.. sob sob sob
Hey serene... I wont b goin 4 e tut tmr... Haven do e tut yet, was studyin 4 my test lor...
Hey so when meet yeow heng
Ohh okay!:D thanks!
Hey guys, shall we've a quick run thru at 2pm for tml's demo. Or uall can let me know your preferred timing too. Thanks.
Waa u sick?
Yes yes my dear boy..reached home le. :*:*:* eat le. Come I Help urub ur tummy. Heee
I liked the new bike
Another colour:D!!!!!!
I did not write de...so did not bring
You can just call when you get to your house :)
Thanks xP it's Ila's birthday and Prosper's. It's also Liz's o.O btwshe saw us on gaia =(
Same airtel:)
It's not! Hahaha just wear the dress I have! Hahaha
Yep yep
Haha of course...
m outside honors lab 5 now.
Ph0n kar
By doing _________________________ Fill in da blank
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
Mokki
Jogging today if not raining, so may be back late.  Let you know later.
HEROINE HITS :鈥㎞ayanthara: Billa鈥〨enilia: Boys鈥㏒imran: Vaali鈥㏒hriya: Sivaji鈥㏕risha: Samy鈥㎝eera Jasmine: Run 鈥〢nushka: Arunthathi鈥㏕amana:iyan.鈥┾??〩EROINE FLOPS :鈥㎞ayanthara: Villu鈥〨enilia: Sachien鈥㏒imran : Udaya鈥㏒hriya : ATM鈥㏕rish : Aathi 鈥㎝eera Jasmine: Puth
Yo come my house for mahjong nowwwww
When?
I am in a marriage function
Wa lol dun play le sleep now wait later renovate u cannot sleep again!
Please send car for servicing today itself
I tink the check everyone's
m feeling rather ill... slept real early last night...
I ws tkng bath. Jst rchd hom.
I not going down for astro today.
Alrighty then.
Dunno nevermind then
s translation and reveiwed and commented. Sent to your email.
chapter 5 ka to bata
Haha boo! So did you get to db on time?
Will come down
t u using digi? Email afiza1977 yahoo.com.
If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
Eh ps I jus realised got art frm 2 to 4 le. U all go ahead la
Help open gate
No. In that case, if u dont tell ur personal prob, things will get even bad.
Jaldi aa.
ok.
s crazy too..
Where are u
Oh... Okie la... Den u beta catch more slp... Later pinky bcome panda liao...
Friday should be till 9pm?
Omg! Xiangyang also taking IS consulting. Haha.
hey wan to go out next week???
Edwin ar?
Hi I just called to notify you that since there's no school today,Iwill only return to hostel by  <DECIMAL>  pm. Thanks! -Cheryl Yeow RA<#>
Yar but they say got some error.
Hey Andrew any news about the phone? Do your parents like it? Anyway How are things with jobs? Any good news?
Lols u 1 on 2? Sec sch fren lols
Haha np! I didn't go in the end! Just woke up hahaha! Haha chiong tosch!! Yay thanks ((:
Waaa rebellious! Looks like u gonna undergo more tests when u come back!
Haha sry I didn't buy in the end :P
No =o
Hw r u nw da?
Haha we just gonna hide in the shower:P pretend to bathe!
Hi mentees! Hope you liked the quotes I gave you (: here's another!"Always do what you want, and say what you feel, because those whomind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Ak <#>  airasia terminal 1 7am saturday
<#>
Where are you?
No la... Dun have any cute ones, sad... Gee... K nitez....
Hahaha ohh!! YEAH MY BUTT TOO HAHAHA poor butts!!! How is the training???
Lol why would i want to sabo myself hahahaha
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
im free today.lets go for a film.
Yup thanks alot.
"Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch" gdeve..
That will be great
Won anything? 2moro wat time go there
I have coins, we'll figure out our
Babu. Hmko bht bura laga Jo tmse aise bt kiye. Sorry. :-(
Ok...come in entrance to the left..near the toilet..i sitting here..
No. She's currently in scotland for that.
How are you. Just checking up on you
No
Yeah, I thought Ross works =P out might've even been James Rossknowing  8th grade us hahah
That's cause your old. I live to be high.
please go to the college:-(
What should we do about the money?
Ello tml wanna watch all well ends well at ehub  <DECIMAL> ?
Hahahahaha okay okay no sad. You can go yck through mrt at tpy. ^^
Hey can help save seats? 3 . We are still waiting for the bus
I went cycling then i saw big millian so cute...
Oh okay.. u just don't wanna crash on you again, so I'm crazy sorry if I do
downloadinh
U got come back eat ma?
Good night:)
<#>
Whatever, juliana. Do whatever you want.
t produce any filters for SP
when are u coming back
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Hi, are u still looking to buy valkyria chronicles?
yup ..
For our struggle is not against flesh n blood,but against rulers,against authorities,against the powers of this dark world n against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms Ephesians  <TIME> .
Haha oh right:o it's tmr! Haha yeah I had eng and ecology today ._.Oh ask you ah, is there mid year paper for eng in year 6? Oh icic okaythen I let my friend know!
Hey... Tmr wawa cant make it... We go another day?
Sian boy leh you.
Yup sure.. can SMS the exact address?
wa so sweet :)
Probably around 6?
is it??
okie i ask bernard stil gt or nt. Msg u when he replied.
Too last min say... I dunwan change e plan made. Haha
haha..
Still hm ...
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPRCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#> . WPB is<#> . YPB is 0. From ulu pandan cc.
OK sure! I ll do that
During our med check up ? This wed right ?
:x im sorry. Haha but okay la hor.
s meeting.. pls pardon me. Cya guys later at 10am.
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
Ok, coming up. :-)
U guys watch liao, u wana watch twice meh... Not too bad to watch alone oso la...
Feb  <#>  is "I LOVE U" day. Send dis to all ur "VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr
Gud nite swt dreams
Yeah. Nvm later go ntuc see haha.
god bless you.all the best for exams
Scared la! Dam scared. Tts why mayb going only. Not Rly enjoying lafirst few days quite sianz
Lg in thert toilet. Hee
Thanks alot.
In school also.. if u free let me know lor.. maybe can meet for lunch:-)
Neva la... No time...
Heee.  Mugggs. Faster faster! !
Non nom
Sorry the last word in the SMS should be time..
Happy Birthday! Hope all your wishes come true and may you have a wonderfully explosive birthday!!! Enjoy!
Hahahaha im graduating on may  <#> th. I will definitely come backfor astro when you need.
No problem! I already forced you too come once xP
now what?
hey laopo have sweet sweet dreams tonight k. Sorry cant talk to you much. I love you
Call me when u get a chance
Okay, I'll have it out there in five minutes.
Yeah nothing else to do anyway. How about you?
Is that what it is? Cuz i'm sittin' here thinkin her tone is like cher.
Not this wk
Yo.haha eh I found a win7 disc.download one.lol.paisey took few days cos was having exams.when u wan meet format com.
Yep
Pizza?
2nite wat time?
Yeah for those that you cant meet, let me know, because im startingwork next friday at bss.
Tpy got old chang kee? I wanna get food.
It's raining! Muahahahahaha
Buffalo is  <#> , not sure abt the seagate. Ask only lor, if notprobably wait a while for pc show or something in march. I likedcybermind though. Thanks har.
Sorrryyyyy
Lol inorite
Very sorry, its eccl  <#> : <#>  GOD BLESS :-)
Hee jus called u..think u sleep liao.. Happy burfdae gelek!! Cya on sat!
Ya d..i vil attend first session n then vil cum der
Yeah I did.
Ok what room? Come out fetch us at the entrance to chalet?
Ok. Go find sohjie b4 he finds u!
m girl 22 year old. nice to meet u.
Okay :D thks
Hi Stewart,  can you help arrange the other two on next Wed lateafternoon eg ~5pm? Also, can you get any photographs of today's unit<#>  avenue to us? Thank you for your help.
dont u dare to do it to me
Next to me there's some room =P
Haha wa I say wanna try in the end u try first lol.. next time I gotry the 5 colour pearl de lol.. haha got arh love u so much~~~ lolthen the auntie sway lol
At plaza sing, 10 pm or marina 1010 pm... Can make it? If not then next day lor...
Where you
Waaaaa hao er. But no appetite. Should I eat macs lol?
s place... Then july i anyhow  bk a day ar cos oso dunno when free...
Ok...
Ok):
No probs :-)
Room los
so be happy
Haha dun know! probably around when I have my period probably! hahatonight need to do a lot of things! Yeah need to finish tonight >< LOLso he didn't see me ah?? I got  <#> / <#>  for the test!
Nvm la u stay lo? My parents won't allow la
Help yeah
Ur ph num, u female o male
Kaha hai?
Ohh is it!!! I heard my friend's sister got brought there by hergrandma coz she was naughty as a kid then after that become a verygood kid hahaha!! Hahaha nope it doesn't!:P blur friend!!
I end at 5!:P haha nothing in particular leh:x! You really coming ah!Haha thought you wanna slack at home!
Lta eday buy  <#>
Omg quiz on wad siaz. I not v sure too
Going ipt today??lol Sam say maybe he not going say backache lol.
Heee np dsr
Wil u b able 2 send that Bible whem baba comes?
Err haha yeah it's like to show that the thing exists! Ohh >< atleast you aren't late! Haha maybe they dun feel like they havepersonal space? Haha our group didn't get to shoot, emo! Oh wells!Haha we watched some demo very random hahaha! Yeah I think they arethe same, it means beside!
Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
If you opening then sure why not. Have to get past the gate though
Ya I reach le.. I'll be inside to reserve a seat for you ba :)
how come
Waailaikumasalam im fyn hw r u?
Now when they cal what shak i say
Dear umma she called me now :-)
Second opinion?  Lol
I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box
See. I told u my problems. But u still keep on increase my tensions.
Mummmm luuuub!!
Haha. Me and my friend bidded 1 point nia.
Rohit for mumbai..
Let us give thanks to the GOD and Father of our Lord jesus Christ, the merciful Father, the GOD from whom ALL help comes ! He helps us in our troubles, so that we are able to help others who have all kinds of troubles, using the same help that we ourselves have received from GOD. Just as we share in Christ's many sufferings, so also through Christ we share in GOD's great help. 2corinthians3: <#>  Praise the lord ! Have a blessed day ! :-)
Kk.. Take care yea :)
What's up my dearest cousin?
Is that <name>?
Otherwise I totes would
Hello... Hows your day in the office? May i have the pleasure of meeting ü for lunch later? Haha...
3 only.
I dunno, I at the pc cluster. U call them and ask? I asked bird theydoing static setup now and he nv deny got tech inspection later.
Mm i am on the way to railway
ll pay first..n they will mail e receipt to ur house..
I trap on e bus n turning ice soon. U decide what 2 buy 4 him already?
m finally back! Haha jus arrived..any updates?
I haven't started.. ya, she said it was oxidated. But I didn't catchwhat she said about the machines beside the door
nai hoti
Ok then cya tmr
Haha yeah hostel is damn sian. Rush them!!! Ehh? Haha maybe herealise cannot come in from back gate! Hahaha I dun get it!!
Roger
Hi jeff.Im 25 ch gal. U?
Ooo stitches?? I hope no scar!! Haha really really it is, what elsecan it be??
Yes, I ll be there!
Meet u outside coop later
Dosnt sound too good i dont think ill risk it, the walk will do me good anyway xxx
I ask him.. if got then I just delete the submission lor
E one near jln kayu.
Hey bro atleast reply
wa... ur office at tj pagar? i saw bee hian just now thrre
Ya lo. I waiting for mine to come. My bro suggested me to work starhub.
Yooo tmr wanna go little india? I want to buy pull up bar.
LOL okay lame!! Have fun then XD
Nope lol I tot u and wq coming early
Hmmm... I dun mind meetin still lor...
Hey i think i wont be able to make it in time
Wah awesome okay I can do some manga reading first heh.
Bro
Lemme on weds
Haha okay!! Idm!! Hmm this week? Dunno when! When's the briefing ah??Haha smile smile! Think of uhh chibi hopstep!:D
revoir
In home..y da?
ll eat after e lesson...
I jst did
Dar. Night night I go pig le see u tmlhee love u deep deep
On cck train lo
Oh okie... Den gd... Kaiez, msg u later...
Zaoo what time do you wanna meetttt
BTW I picked ur drawer with scissors
Ok. Call u when I reach home :-)
Yes please
Opps... I nd ard 20 mins... Sorry...
Haha friend!!! I just came out:D I think it was alright, but I dunthink I will get super high!! (:
Wah... E queue damn long to buy laptops... U goin to buy soon? Beta hurry cos e offer will open to e whole nus tmr onwards...
s tomorrow...
Hihi ppl wanna volunteer to help out for a swimming event? On 4 & 5Nov, 7 am to 9 pm with 5 hours break in between on both days plus acompulsory training session on  <#>  Oct  <#>  -  <#> . Can get twoevent tshirts &  <#>  bucks! Reply with your nric, house address,emergency contact (name, number, relationship) plus your allergies!Let's volunteer tgt, so we sign up for uhh f&b and VIP room (1stchoice) or ushers (2nd) coz hehe I think these two move ard less bahand not so stress! Please reply if you're interested and jio anyoneelse! I need replies by tonight! I sent this to abbie, vivien, sophie,friend, Ivan, huikang and wenbo, I dun have Jimmy's number!
On bus le my sunshine girl
Yeeeah =/ I'm sorry love
Hi Stewart, can you help make arrangements for us to see the other VVunit down the street? We might be able to make it on Wednesday.   Howabout the Warren penthouse?
Hi Zit Seng, Min here.  Wireless connection may be a problem.   Someteams are now on very slow connections. But we are not sure why.  Wallstreet journal and engadget are not loading properly as are problemswith the connection to Elseviers systems.  Can you check on it?Thanks!
I meet u  <DECIMAL> pm at bishan circle line can?
Ya jus now at ginseng porridge. Now no more cramps and stuffs le
Hmmmm ok.
ABWA kya
Family hairdresser alrd
Good evening:)
Haha icic! Okay! Haha dun want lah my dad whole day take care of mymum I think he also tired, this morning he and my mum went downstairswalk awhile I think, then bring her back, go buy breakfast for my bro,himself and me, then wait for my mum wake up from ask her what shewant, go down but ingredients then cook for her, then cook for us,later dinner also going to cook for all of us, think he also tiredlah! Haha I used to go childcare before kindergarten, thenkindergarten is grandma take care after sch! Not too sure when my mumstopped working hehe:P ohh no can eat a small snack or something? ):
Watching <#> . Finishing the season soon hehe
Sadly nope.. can i vote for her on her website or sms?
Yeap back lo.I ask her or not?
Haha ooo! Where did you go anyway! Haha yeah uhh hehe later tonightremind me tell you what she said! Haha no lah, we just test what makesthe males become aggressive! Haha she stuck some satay sticks withfishes on top into my hair, its on fb haha!
Up to u
No! Pika!
I love you too my baby, ill always do! <3
Mummy ka syrup lana hai jo doctor Sama likhi thi?
Bblp u treat me so nice today! Mmuacks. Mummum
Sent b4 le. But not sure if u're refering to e same song. Haha.
U Failed the test. Now truly demoted to kernel
Thks
So how many days since then?
Good afternoon, babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-(
Thanks.
Ohh btw, do you have nail polish remover? :x
Daddy can help me buy harry potter book, if u pass by any bookshop... If cheaper den 33 dollars den buy...
Yup so far I know eh. I check from hardwarezone de.
My hse got direct bus... go ramp take  <#>   <#>   <#>
Kranji le
2moro gg hostel?
Please pay my bill today
Yeap yeap, come find me at the front of audi later! (:
<#>
U need 2 days for it meh, anyway the buffet 2hrs only. U want antisocial then I sit with you then separate seats la. Treat urself to gdmeal for ur birthday.
And you will be delighted to see wats on the topic
Haha okay!(((: dinner sounds fine! Haha dun feel sleepy! I went toaccompany abbie see teacher, but the teacher not there! I finished mychem hons prac, but dun even know whether we need to do haha ._. LOL 2are you srs!!! So on whoa:O haha no more sch u means you have to buymore going out clothes! Hahaha aft exams!!! I will play!!! Omg hahabio prac abbie stuck so many things in my hair x.x
Ye khusboo ye hawa apke naam kardi,Mausam ki har ek ada apke nam kardi,Dil ne chaha aaj kuch khas tohfa de apko,To dil se nikli har dua Apke naam krdi.
Haha. Okay good. I expected that.
Nice lines by A.R.Rahman: "U" are born without anything., But, you die with your name.. So that name must not be a letter, It must be a history.. :-)
Haha dunno! Its in the city though! Haha we can go in de ah! Idm!Hahahahaha okay okay I don't say le!!
Got up?
Multiply the numbers independently and count decimal points then, for the division, push the decimal places like i showed you.
Hahaha jyjy!! Cannot let your prom fail! Haha yeah just us! Haiyo sleep??
hey you gotta move on to greener pastures...if you love him set him free cuz if its meant to be, u WILL be together somehow.
E common room being booked but owner said master $ <#>  two single bed ok. How u tink?
Hey gls, please make sure your participants have their breakfastbefore bringing them to lt <#> b. Thank you! Be at lt at  <DECIMAL> amsharp please.
Eh when v ball? I dam white alr
hey gals,mon 4 aug, 0845 at lt32,formal wear.tats d plan for 1st day of sch,make arrangemt to go k.
Oh ill back gate?
cant sleep ..
Yupz... Had early lunch cos not much work to do... So blur ah u ...
Don't hurt me any further please, just reject me and don't give meany hope of gymming with the legendary sohjie
K
Lol yes. Help me plan please.
Not going to college?
Helo bro wo ip0d order kar diya kya?
Haha really Swype is fast!
main uni nai aya
Alright! Will let you know soon.
I'm working technical support :)voice process.
You could probably transfer it online, couldn't you?
Then afternoon free? Haha
Anytime maybe  <#> h
Lols can check wad
Haha what's up?? Um its like big and fat like me!! I heard you puteverything into your hand carry:o
Hey gal.. What do ü want for ür birthday present?
Anytime eh. Im half awake.
Mmm she sounded so though. Cheer her up kay!
All the best for your paper! Jiayou! Good night! :D
I SHALL
Haha yeah good night. Happy new year.
White color uzes more batry thn black. .so always use a darker theme
Hahaha yeahh lol learn from you de. XD
Where u
n
Hahaha tues?? I realise mon have exchange mtg! LOL WHAT HAHAHA GO SAMPLE MORE.
god bless you
Manam moive ki epudu veldamu
Aight, can you text me the address?
Okay. By tmr afternoon finish can liao. No need 2/3am lah.
Lol okay.
Check email and fb! Haha phys no exam, bio got 2! Oh no don't tell meI count wrongly, I got chem hons too
re tired u go slp 1st.
Hai dear friends... This is my new & present number..:) By Rajitha Raj (Ranju)
Wah... like tat hw to meet u? hw lng u going?My dear gers...We mit 4.45 at toa payoh mrt station den buy thgs before going down tan. Pagar 4 dinner at 6.30...Alrite wif everyone?
4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?
Kong bak pao!!! Kourou bao in chinese I think! Haha wow damn nice Ican leave early if I finish fast yay then report for my duty for SCx.x
Can I just confirm with u the unit number is  <#>  right?
I read her tweets. But I got no confidence. Quite complicated.
orh! haha.. later spank ur bumbum
Signed up table tennis doubles :)
Where do you need to go to get it?
Opps..maybe every one else is late?or maybe mingfang is at your lab?
U juz sit behind 1st then move during e break.Impt stuff u beta nt miss..Ü
Lol because you going hahahahaha
Woo hoo! So exciting. See you soon!
Pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
My last text failed like six times lol
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
LOL SO RANDOM. he pay for it and never stay!! Hahaha ok ok slap yourselves!
Hi keng onn,how r u? was thinking of meeting up wif u for a meal one of these days:)
Haha already on my way to school! :P
Code. Keys easy to lose
No eh it's okay. I will meet him on sunday.
Yupz... Juz went to e gym w fren bt she left first...
Ate mi fen... Enjoy you day. Darling i love you...
Lol we on the way le. Now got xt cally jeff hongling evelyn.
oo.. kk. then i go back myself.. u nv come out le hor?
Howda, iyo neev thumba doddavru bidi.. Namge yak beku?
Yup if no arp
Hahaha still! (:
Well its not like you actually called someone a punto. That woulda been worse.
Yosh, u coming later?
Can't wait til u get paid
Downstairs.
Hi dear, just finished my confirmation talk. Was good, my boss is happy with my performance so far... ? buy you dinner tonight if you are not working late... ?
If u sad should say mah, then i will go. Aiyah actually if u all say earlier then i go out earlier can liao, but now drag till so late. Tomw i duno leh, ask shuhui go ask ron then she didnt reply. I helping e pre company do some translation then tomw need give my cousin tuition.
Any1 interested to go kbox  <#> pm this coming thursday. Promotion at8sgd per person. I've ask Eugene, fang, jason, ivan and Pao for now.Feel free to ask around but I'll like to book soon.
Hmm not really meeting though. Just wanna update you guys. Dontworry, have you received the email I sent?
U driving there? If got photos pls bring
kidhar
Hm... I will TRY to be there at 830 but i dunno lah. If i go early i a seat for you? What time can ü reach?
Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
now still can change?
Daddy ask ü to come home by urself... He got dinner... He bot rice...
Ryan +65 97965247 m 32 sg
Wah wah. Haha read alot of books eh. I also leh. I read 7 books le.
ye haqeeqat ha kya?
hi ritesh pls chech mailbox
Oh ok baby
can u upload ur edited version.so xy n i can edit.we discussing nw
Yeap okie... u get ur 4 de answer then we check... dunno y no sinkstate maybe I see wrong...
Yun ah.the ubi one say if ü wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.èn
Awesome! Listening to it now. Sounds great! Love ya!
ll confirm later k... When u goin in?
Nope, is openId log in...
What's up.
At the transit center, take either northwood or commuter north, thenlook for the Francois-Xavier something building and pull the thing...then I'll just come get you lol
S
my god
Waaa rebellious! Looks like u gonna undergo more tests when u come back!
Wer r u?
Ok thank I got it le forgot s3 got carry over from s2 lol
Haha different pc different doing eh. Ypurs is what.
Yep noted
hehee. now at home..want! but  how to watch wif u?
"Sharing a lovely relationship not only depends on the spoken words, But it also depends on understanding the unspoken words.."
U gt go Mars today?
Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake & sayin Bite me, bite me.
Thik hai.
9am is okay?
K
Atcck le yei yei
Oh ya....ok...
What the LOL I have no idea what championships is! Okay shall writenba too hehe! Ooo wow so early! Too bad ah hahaha!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
I see 1st k?
To bhai n0 chance?..
Sorry we reaching, now at highway there.
There's one new subj pool for tml. I sign up le.  <DECIMAL> pm slot.
Honors B+Major A
Ya. Haha. How u know? Who ask u wanna take FYP n not the lvl 4electives with us. U go ask yammy n chunmin get what grade loh. Haha.
Go home safe! (:
Haha both of them are not in the list already.
Nice thks tell u confirmed date tonight
Yeah they found it was invested with bugs and he said we had to, butdon't worry we can all share the inflatable bed
I go ur bus stop meet u? What blk ar?
how ar you
Haha fat fat arh T.T... u shld pei me eat sushi! Haha.... no worryarh April we plenty of time to eat lol we go eat and study there
=P
Icic. Ya maybe she'll give tips. Haha. Yup next time then.
Yea vertical marathon
Hahaha oh btw the dbsk thing is probably expensive!
Where is xinghua?
Haha then maybe can go bah! Want me to go with you? I have almostnothing to do at home haha! Ooo why?? Too long? Haha whatcha wanna doonline 7
I will, don't worry
Hi Shyan, thanks for your help yesterday. I have the documents in myoffice. If you can send the courier to me I can provide the documentstoday.   My office address is AS6 # <#> , National University ofSingapore  <#> . Please give the courier my hp number as i may be inmeetings. Thanks!
Hahaha just smoke her!!!!
Good Morning!
m not int in her?Hehehe.Cuz i wanted ask u to mention ter.Hehehe then see her reaction again. :p i will not use pple.Ok?
Rasmalaai?Nope!Gulab jaman?Nah!Let me c..How bout jalebi?HmmHmmNope!Damn!Still cant findanything as sweetas U.Happy Raksha Bandhan
Ohh. Like if you got a reaction that takes time and you are just sitting around in the lab doing nothing,then I can pay you a visit. Why dont you tell your mom about how you really feel?
Gud mrng.2da v hv practice at  <DECIMAL> pm.Pls cme.Thanx rozita *Diet tips from Sigrid FREE til Sep  <#> . SMS SHAPE to  <#> *
Hey u left your tissue paper at ulu pandan. Haha. Have a good restar, let me know if u're coming on wed.
m free...
Go school? For what?
Haha but nz is only my family going! Yeah sure bz de :/ I'm going toopt out of orientation planning team :/ youngest haha.. get the handme downs de, and my cousins will suan why I never play this before, orexperience dunno what before. And always get owned in mahjong!!!! Hahalast time I stay 2nd floor also stuffy ): oh I just rmb a story! it'sabout instant noodles haha later remind me! Oh ok! I learnt that youare very cheeky, I should pinch your cheeks more to get rid of it! Nowtell me:D
Lols Wads ur holiday plan? Doing wad
Walking that way yo
My most precious girl, lg go slp le. Wan an bvlp
today class was really good:-)
I'm still pretty weak today .. Bad day ?
Ok lar...
Lol wad
Aiya..sayang u. But dun worry,  next time we'll celebrate togetherle. Hee. And we got private date coming
Ok not ok also Bo bian. No matter what I need to go at 4. Pk and I doing now.
Haha hao bah.
what are u doing tonigh?:D
Okay.
wow.. amazing sia... xuan actually requested to attend the potluck. he wans to experiment his new dish. hope we dun die of poisoning sia. hiak hiak
Okay do we sign u up den
Call me
Orh. Anyway are you free tmr afternoon?
Woot then wat about me lol... wait I jealous arh lol... haha see tmlwat u wanna eat I also pei ni! Lol
Lols ps. Erm u got jailbreak?
Mast bhai aur aap
KAIJIE HAHAHA
m trying 2 do everything by myself? So selfish?
Oh okay I set up first
K.. I wil surely cum..
FRIEND!!!!!!!!!!! I forgot about Tioman report and i'm going out andwill be home later tonight!!!!!!!! Can help me)):
Haha.. Coz I degree holder so dun need downgrade myself? Lol
Patel to kochi
I love u too dear
I bet you guys are hungry.
I am in front of yours :)
okay.. dont forget to eat. i love you too
<#> pm at cally house! :-D
ok
Congrats! Haha my last chinese lesson before exams is about to begin._. Haha what other issues XD
Got arp
Joanna got scammed. I warned her about it a week ago but she blew me off. Tsk tsk tsk
Can reply?!
Haha got a distance away.
Haha today got yummy potato! My granny cook it in shreds one lol
Hey hey, the mac cafe you referring to is the one at shaw house right?
why didn't you text me?
s on e dining table...
Oh okay!
Jesus Christ-.-
Ok.. I am at lib.. I will get money and come.. :)
that gd enuff for u?
Tmr we meet at  <#> pm.
Ohh no I just woke up ~ wake up soon ~
Yup we are. Lol next week will be spending alot eh. We should go forcheap food haha
u got go ah?
Haha >< maybe! Now is stats! Haha Sophie is having issues!
SLAP LOL
Ok no prob
Ohhhhhh ok how abt mon morn/?
Aj chal0ge ya nahi?
He's yet to reply for this sms, but he knows though.
Go ahead.
er.... wat u wanna for yr bdae ?
She also din reply my msg.
Hahaha friend, ypu considering to come along'
Today z "why do u like me day". If u like me reply is must...:-) send it to all ur friends but REPLY me first. If u don't reply that means u dont like me:-(
Is tml dinner confirmed?
Height of dedicationPappu 5 min mn paper chor ke chla gya..Teachr: kya papr nai ata?pappu: wo bat nai hai.. mujhe agle paper ki tayari krni he...
Hey so wad time meet
Oh you were there ah nv see you sia
Bro dekhlo na agar h0jae.. Agar payment ki pr0b ho to bta do.. I'l pay wid lr
Rmb passport.
Haha oh no! I should be studying later instead. No no you willresearch on it. XD
She does like to list. What did I expect? =P
Shall we leave?
"Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." (Matthew  <TIME> ).
Ungeoreferencd topo amar kche nai.share kor
Hey i think i wont make it at 6 sharp.
Where to pick you? what time?
Thanx 4 sending me home...
Hey so Friday wad time? The rest wanna know
Haha. Ya at ys now.. his hse..
Haha lesson mah. Heh hao ah. If I end early I let you know. :D
I noe..is the other things which is more critical...i got lesson 2 to6 on tat day....a bit tight...how about u?...u got more time?...if uhave...can u go collect the lorry?...
Ummm the date is 2nd week of may. Others not confirm. Price not morethan  <#> .
Umm just state visitor jiu okay le.
always be smile
Dragonboat
Yup. Not good
Reachin admiralty
s newspaper 12 behind.
Hey chuan wah, can I have your sch, acad prog/year, emergency contactperson and number?
I'm gonna rip out my uterus.
Depends on how haxxors i am, but you go buy stuff without me or something
<#>  should be it
Ok the season parking change liao...
Okay (: going to bathe!
I think it'll be good to have. I admit that it's going to bedifficult but i think i'll try. If not, i can't think of otherdeliverables that show we put in efforts for the proj. However, if ucan think of other things/plans, do let me know.
Yaloh. I also scare sia. If he doesn't have, I think he cfm will ask! Haha.
Haven eat lah just reach home sob sob sob... muhahaha seafood!Nomnomnom! Dunno leh maybe they siao on want weekend leh...
No charge? Good nite. May God bles u.
Hi Anindya , I think we have a cal in ten minutes. I will give you aring, since I'm not in the office.  Are you overseas?
Waiiiit nooo I have to go with Mark
Wa liddat also can! Nvm for u wo yuan yi! Lol... so wei qu u mustwatch again sob sob sob...
I'll be passing by thomson plaza around  <#> h details closer to arrival time
Alrights! (:
Pls dt semd anything 2 me. Stop it.
Tell u wat. U 2nite chiong plus 2moro morning den aft  tt come
<EMAIL>
Haha yeah LOL. Super random! Haha pink is not one of my favouritecolours x.x hahaha where to get cheap formal top! Hahaha
Now lo... 2moro math ass due?
Lol because I didnt get to get my silver!
U wad time will reach boonkeng?
Haha still eating.
Nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
Btw, u stated third system release for the ppt. Isn't it second?
Cus a lot ppl at sentosa and mayb many cmi
Kindly inform about the sports day
i tot she say wan 2 come along? aiyo, dun care lar... I jus wan go n enjoy myself...
Post, it's okay, he'll be cured with the power of love!
Hey dude reached home Have you seen the match yesterday? I love you
Hahahaha okay. It's okay bah I ordering dinner first.
ħːħːħː (GG impersonation)
Ok, Tracy, thank you.
Thanks
Arghh. I woke up late
tell u later can ?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Ya 4 haha hope it is nice Lo... I wanna eat lol.. I dun buy nacho onelol... <DECIMAL>  movie Lo we now then buying tix!
Yeah going to school tmr. Watch some videos then exercise I guess?
Reaching soon?
Call me
m trapped in e jam now. But reachin soon...
Huh y lei...
So are we meeting tmr?
Ab bata kya hua?
Darling im on train le  kisses!!!
Haha die together lo... I dunno arh what make u tink that way?
For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
Okay! You feeling good?
m in nus sci...
Oooone sec.. roommate stuff yo
Oh... Ok
Where do I meet you?
I am not sure when to take. Think I want to put it in december.
Hi Ricky, thanks for your help today and making sure things arecloser to complete.  One other thing I want to check.  When are yourguys going to be able to visit 2 verde to see the damage to the walland how to repair?  Thanks.
Lols I will see bout it
Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
Wear jacket can one
Near erutu palam.
The most Sweetest relation in world is ,..PILLOW..:-)Bcoz Wen u r tired u relax on it.:-/Wen u r sad u drop tears on it.;-(Wen u r angry u Punch it.:-@&Wen u r happy u hug it.:-Now that pillow is waiting 4 U..So go to bedLovely Nite..;-:-*Lovable DreamzzZ..:-)
been there done that
Yeah._.
Also can. Kk cya at pool
Im preparing for SAT test. I wan to retake it cos i wan to try for accountancy. Good luck for yr tests k... Dun stress. Stay happy and hope you get well soon!
Yeah I was blur and just woke up just now so also dunno what I wassaying. I probably imagined things haha! Haha so random, is the placebig?
I will call you..
ll frame it lar
Lols nvm
mcheck
S.s.
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
Haha sure. See you tomorrow then
Haha thanks alot! =D
Ard 4 lor...
Ya. Im here.. Im nt in a mood 2 kid wid u... Jst com 2 d point...
Yeap yeap! (:
Eh ur com cannot on.
Wah wah. Lol cannot like that la. I've been hearing the songs over onyoutube leh. So pathetic :-(
Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
Rly? Izzit disturbed when its moulting
K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
Hum  <DECIMAL>  bje tk pahuch jayenge.
Dun u feel like u hav no say in the relationship? U shld remind herthe previous time she wanted to break up. If this time so easytogether agn then nxt time sure same prob agn...
I'm so excited! You're really going to look so pretty
juz to make frnd wif u mah.if u wan u msg me at 99876452.
Okay^^ haha why dun want go?? Not fun meh! Haha okay okay, you rmb todo reflections k? I think I will finish up mine tmr:P
6 since Fabian ends at 6. I'll be outside lt <#>  later
i would say a nap is in order...great chatting to you as well..see ya in a few months :)
s bd oredi... Haha, not bad , ur bd got pretty gals to company...
Normally train bout 2 times per week so there is adequate rest.Hostel gym shld be good enough. Normally start wif main muscle grpslike chest, back, quadriceps and lats. Then to specific smaller grpslike tricep biceps and calfs
Hmm.are we allowed to go and see the ceremony?  I was thinking ofgoing to Fiona Chia's as well
Kiddie palace at # <#>
What's your position at psa ar?
Anyway, i'll appeal mno <#>  if i can't get also lah. See whetherwhich one u more inteserted. Haha.
oo. which kind u want? heavier/liighter?
Sorry I have something on today..
Hello hello
He go tell ghenglai bf den spread lor. She guess for quite some time den she got it lor.
No Sunday, but I'll be back... but Friday's my birthday =P
Hi.Is $45 ok?if possible i would like to get the book today ard 1700 - 1730 pm.
Lol yeahhh haha I can teach you for one koi. :-D
Ps tel 64549808 98388367 4 mrs ong about tuition mrs lim 64535909 is waiting 4 yr call
U call for?
Lol dude, day after tomorrow?  No way. I have concert on Sunday. Allevenings booked
I want to know when you going to schs and how you going to do it.
Yup (:
Chicken rice sounds great! (:
Thanks =) I love you
Good morning, my boytoy! How's those yummy lips ? Where's my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?
Wah haha alright. You watched it?
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
Cakkavala is FAR? hahaha... oh, first time heard this from u
Seen doctor yet? How are you?
Wru
hi manish what ar u doing
Podi podi;->:-@
Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
Convey my regards to him
Evening..... Hows your day- never go out?
Eh what's that
Bhai adres msg kar na d0n0
Hey mom! I'm leaving at  <TIME>
Right  <#>  mins
Lol i only etch one set leh. Better test first. I'll solder tmr morning then test first
It shld be a short meeting...
Aiyo good good...glad you are almost home! Never mind you can rest for the whole day! Hehe
EC-COUNCIL Certified ethical hacking.
Wah u good fren la. Not attached 1s intro leh. Seriously, we havecome to the age where intro is necessary. I intro u if u don't havegf, but you have.
Yo!! Outside dating with your dear?
Sorry. I'm outside sr2 not sr1
I nvr sign farhan's timesheet. Haha.
When coming back
Haha ohh no I fell asleep in front of TV! Dear reach home le right? Ican meet you in the city! (:
Hahaha what the!!!!!!! slap hahaha whatcha doing now?
Din bita raat aayi Sone ki ab baat aayi,Jab ja rahe the sone ko  Tab Aapki yaad Aayi,Socha band karne se pahle light,  Aap se bol du .G <#> D NIGHT
Okie lor... Cya in class later, save a seat 4 me k... :)
<#>
That was before the Ohhs
U collect it
sorry, i didnt check email last night. thk u so much. im on my way to shl, c u then
take legal biz next sem?
Can ü pls call me?
Was going to the bank. So wanted to talk to my dear. Nothing much. Talk to you later. At office already.
y
Hello i knw him wel..he vil msg n all..i am in touch with ma frndz in msg
Lol ok.
Replying*
Ok. I've been inside the roon. It's not that small. There is noraised stage but there is a clearing in front. The piano should mostlybe in tune unless they're charging for the retuning after use?
Solu d
Ki holo call kar..landline e call kor
Can u still go at 5?
No prob!
Ok
die la...this new year stuck at home..haveta complete hyp...xianzz
Earlier as in wat... Their service ok lar... But i thk they cut my sis hair like not so nice...
Right?! Me and <name>maybe strategically coordinated arguments against them
Pig!!!!!!!!
Good! Heehee =D
Thank you so much for your kind help..
Politics lol same as yirui
Dc to duminy..
Ü takin linear algebra today?
No balance...
Lol need enough people to even form a team! Comeee la
Ok. So bring shoes and slipper? Or booties
Psssshhh you don't even answer when I do call
Dont leave house too soon. I still have to pack up and go to the bus stop.
Awesome!!
I mean  <DECIMAL> hrs or 2hrs hahaha
LOL I leave now will reach about the same time ):
Wat happend i just askd u d prob
s ok if ü not free lah. Meet up sometime soon? Ü
wild guess.. maybe top jc gers more hardcore?
Sup?
Really! But he so tall! Haha let's play in sch next year!
Ok so that means  <DECIMAL> ? Hahaha
Yeap we can! Cya!! (:
But i'll be going out soon lol can't do much in that short time
Ps was sleeping
I will reach office around  <DECIMAL> . & my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
Ehh sorry I'm outside now, I'll send it to you when I get back home
I'm off to Accra though my money will still not be enough for my return. So I will be counting on you to help me as planned please.
Lol today?
It's just a set stipend. He's spending money he could just have later lol
Okay
Ok. Sure.
Hi all. Shehan has confirmed practices at 8am on friday. Plz pass the message around. Janice and the other newkats won't be there so kindly ensure our choristers will be present. T.c
W-wait what?!Late late late caw.. sorry!
Haha okay... Your sis ah? I hope the rain will stop
Lols nvm la I bring for you
You didnt complete your gist oh.
Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  <DECIMAL> . So you come to bus stand at 9.
I'm sorry =(
Hahah.. See how la.. Now still can.. Lol..
Leona def not going..Sighz.. Confirm with me later. If xy wan to come along, meet her at bishan mrt also
Yeah but.you got pissed and wouldnt it be hard for the both of us to go ikea with you in such a mood?
You made my day. Do have a great day too.
Please start without me. Only able to leave school now.
Wtf? Haha. Are u singing?
Ur hamster die liao...
Hahaha later! Omg damn cute the guy cut chicken also need to put onsurgeon costume and mark out where to cut the chicken! Haha you wantto go out?? (:
How to study while watchin? and send me sms some more.. no wonder 2 sentence only.. go and watch than study la.. free liao thn msg me k. Ü
Ya but ask sch one also lah before we go there. I 3pm got sell txtbkat temasek hall also. Expected lah cfm $ <#>  one. Haha.
Lol yay.gd sia u like know every place.hahaha.
ok i will wait u there ...
Haiz. 2nite comin back?
Ok d tanku
Nope he learning
Oh and remove chooitene from the gls. She's not interested.
Hahaha must have enough sleep de mah! Haha I habit le, exam timequite frequently sleep early wake up earlier study de haha! Ooo okay!Hahaha I wish I could do that too, but I want bio hons! Haha I willdao and sleep for phys maybe! Hmm, actl, maybe not, phys I got try mugbefore hehe!
Ki re bari pouche 2 manush ekta mscl dey.ny wa,khaechs??ek2 grgl kre nis.tkcr.
I dunno!!
Hahaha we went to Starbucks!!! Why are you not receiving my mms!!!
fuck
m ok w anythin...
Come back, Iam wait!
One episode is only  <#>  mins. Not suspicious meh..
Haha. Yes sir!
To the wonderful Okors, have a great month. We cherish you guys and wish you well each day. MojiBiola
Yaloh yaloh. I understand u're in a difficult position too. Becozinstead of being really surprise, we're talking abt a guy who is noteven there. Haha. I think we're really paiseh too. But alright lah,everything turn up fine! Very enjoyable lunch. I very scare u mistakenloh, then later don't want intro your friends to me liao! Wahahahaha.
hi Philip, sorry to.miss your smses.  Unfortunately,  I cant make ittoday.  Maybe if we can arrange in advance for.next.week. I'mconcerned that the project is not going according to plan.  I'mgetting less clear about what you want so have a difficult timeadvising bac.  Hope this coming week we can meet up. At the usual timeon Tuesday?
Greeting Card 4 U. *!""""'""'""'""'!* *! .+""+.+""+. !* *! + HAPPY + !* *! "+. .+" !* *! "+" !* *! NEW YEAR !* **=2"0"1"1"=*
Lol okay lo.
yes,i suggest that u select one from the top conferences. Topics can be sensor network,DTN or mobile phone related. once u decided,u should read some more references because they would ask questions,it's better u know the topic well
Yeah the oral briefing
Yeah it looks ok to me
Sounds fun. Meanwhile I feel bad cause I missed a bridal shower. I just completely forgot but oh well I heard it was extremely boring.
ah icic! I just did mine today!:D
K d i vil giv ten rs
6 days? Coool! :-)  my sis has only Fri to sun.. dad is still sick,so he is home.. actually he was home full hols.. was lot of fun :-)
I see =/ they find anything? Did they do the transfusion? Still losing blood?
They say by next wed cfm the company which we'll be doing. So forexample, if TTSH doesn't reply by wed, then we won't be doing withthem liao.
Wow): okay okay!
<#> Billy
Plz.. I said, nt nw...
Ok
What the?! Make me excited. U ask Shannon out?
S
Wow he got a lot paddles ar? Thks!
Email
Boo! I'm sleepy again!
Oh lol y today sit left.haha.
Cool
I tot i gotta kayak cus not enough guys kayak
Aww how sweet. Mark is always telling me he can't wait for me to die so he van collect my life insurance.
Luna! It's  <#>  tmr! In case u nv see...
Still got who ar?
Ela.. :)
Ya.. her announcement say de
Ya most probably tg won't mind go raffles place beo OLs. Haha. But hedoesn't buy first hand txtbks one right? Ya pick biz cai lah but ithink chances quite low becoz biz cais cfm got friends take together.Haha. We cfm four grp together if can one lah. Actually, thia kina modFASS students also good.
Hi da, v all planned to go to dinusha's home tomorrow after 6pm,come there if u r nt busy.Pls pass the msg to kiriwaran also.
Lol then come eh. Later we go eat.
orh.. which company?
No prob. I see you ll be here in 2 mins
:-D
when are we meeting up to do the project??
Lols meifang send de
Got research briefing is it??
Thanks for the notice, thur  <#>  to 6 is alright. Its early enough,no worries, I have tutee telling me less than an hour before theactual timing. Get well soon!
I'm playing the ukelele:P orh^^ you find a nice blazer too!! Yay, Ilike to see guys in formal wear:P haha troubling meh! Its no prob lahreally stop apologising! (:
Hahaha the funniest is still the fact that Dillon is the one whouploaded it! Ohh :o dun know how to help him!
I realise you are a busy guy and i'm trying not to be a bother. I have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. Do have a gr8 day
Yaaaaaay!
Ok
Yup.
Nope, unfortunately not :/
We r at tokyu lor...
u iron finish already ar? hee. how's everything at home?
NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
Ok, see you..
Omg! I was thinking the same thing, and wondering how come no onesaidthst. So sad. Muuuacks! U r my hapiness in one loving bundle
<#>
can i get back to u later i am busy at the moment ...sorry
I not going le. I watching movie... 2moro u wan go? Sohjie frensgoing niaz ...
Fujitsu hdd ok?
Yeah Stuart and raghav! Good good go home quick and come on time!
Does not operate after  <#>  or what
XD it's great right:
U in which lecture? End le let me noe, i go find u...
S s
Good luck 4 ur first n last paper. (^,^) jus few more hours 2 go then u can enjoy already.
Are you ready now
Hahaha dont mention, happy to be of help. :)
Hey you awake? Can I come now?
At home now too. You taking rest now?
Finefine anything you say. Was just saying luh. So agitated for wut...
Okie so we go town n buy tmr? Wat time u wanna meet?
Ask unna if she wanna join
Wah... U can buy other kinds of things lei... Why must b food? Anyway hav fun ya? Shop more in sgp... Save our economy... Not theirs.
Touching lines just b4 death- . "Dont burn me immediately after my death, my friends hav a habit of coming late."... Gd mrng
When u wake up tell me k? I want go with u.. hehe
Love you too & Sakshi too, hugs & kissess to both
Tmr is Elissa and clarissa. The duty is out already you can't see it?
U still eating ah? Actually I can dabao yakun up ah.
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Hi
Hahaha aww okay okay ohh wells! Hahaha she's taken!!!!
You wana eat fig and olives? I've nvr eaten there before.. :)
Hows class yo
I already regretted what I said and apologised. But you didnt realise your mistake of offending.my family back then. How am I supposed to be happy with that.
Wa that mean  <DECIMAL>  at suntec liao... I take my own sweet time le lol
Lols nvm
Hi vivien >< Sophie and I just reached home and we haven't finish ourpart yet, but we super tired le >< can we send you by 1pm tmr?? ><sorry sorry sorry ><
Meet u al outside pl6?
The timetables folder should say, but iirc is  <#>
so if no more govn funding, they have to go private, i guess.
Me and <name> just took it to the trash, he saw them on the edge of the wall
Should be before  <DECIMAL> .
Huh really then u coming str 2 my house ar... U got so much things 2 do meh...
Yea shld b quite fun ba
Haha good boy^^ yeah she dun really care about ppl welfare, that'swhy my parents quarrel alot! Haha my dad always put in a spot! Hahaokay (: (: I got nasi lemak! But still cooking haha so munching on theluncheon meat:P
Oh my no no haha you're really not like that at all! Hahaha what didyou do to be super duper possessive? Haha why am I damn bad!! Haha I'mon the way to lunch! Forgot to charge my phone again:/ I dunno leh,Chester says v random guys crashing!
Hello my friend
Dear still awake n coding?
Ok i come ard 9?
Haha. I was kidding lah. Yaloh. Yaloh. I'll try dessert also. Tml uintro their zao pai cai ar. Haha.
Haha. Dun worry about the cost.. I printed single side. Save the earth.
I love u so very much too. Go home safe my beautiful wonderful sweet ling!
Hey you end at 6?
Adhalam yenaku theriyathu.today treat
Hey that's great!! All the best! :) you caught the interviewers name?
Dey go dey go.
t ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U 4give me? I think u shld
Haha good good (: omg haha so cute! She's like your mini girlfriend!Go bathe ~~ I just finished when you reached home!
Back at je LOL. went to dover then realise sth is wrong.. Hahaha omgi'm so blur!! Sorry!!
Tel abt ful education nt only abt jobs,companies,n exams..v vil hav abt colleges ,growin technology,which field is gud for futures etc.
Sorry, I'll call later
ll still like you..
Hi, congraz. Coulnt find u then. Bye.
Thks for the breakfast! Very nice
Lol oops. I thought that idea was great hahahaha
Mode men or have you left.
Hahaha xP
Ya too pangseh by rest. I bringing mosquito swatter to an insects le
Must inform Mr soh le
Yup. Got already.
I'm at work til 5 =( laaame
Lol dun even know what to comment bout him.
Yeap.. I'm on  <#>  le..
"Happy valentines day" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st...
Ok!
I will come at 8.40pm
Slides only.
Did she forget her phone for the day again?
s there too? Coz i dunno anyone...Haha heard u got into sci
Not really a fan of hers, didn't watch that show
Win.
Lols aljunied. U too early
Ahh sorry didn't reply! hahaha I'll be happy if my mentor changeshaha! Application very sian): haha yeah but its nice! I dun pay for itanyway! HAHAHA YES. HEHAP. so daring hahaha when I went the kids whowent up really know how to dance!
Will be back later
I thought t time leona ask u to do that before...
where to meet?
Haha.. Drums? Since when you play drums?
Andy promised me he will play, message u incase he sua lai hehe
dear i can only reach abt  <DECIMAL>  leh. now on  <#> . u wan to eat first?
m goin... But mine is incomplete lor cos i din go last wk too... I nd to copy frm my fren first...
Aiya. So naughty yeiyei.
Sure no problem.
Tues no sch! E learning. Go watch le
Haha 7 books enough lo. At least that 7 books wont require me to read wiki. XD
Wahhh evil cjm. :-(
Oh so good to mua~~~~ lol... okie good night!
Are we meeting for dinner??
Yes.. One day I will ask Nadee to take you there.. :)
Hey, i'm outside SR1.
Haven even started... Gg
daddy gt fetch u today?
Hahaha tsk tsk watching too much shows right?
0k bhai tensn mat le me 3 bje ke aspas jaunga n agar mil gaya to tjse guard ka idntifctn mang lunga
dear nite nite
Wa I dun understand the convert to upper case qn leh we can't justminus  <#>  hexa? Wat is the trick lol
Hi Sis, we'll go to the airport on our own tomorrow so no need tocome with us.
In clz
Yup ok Pao sort of told me.
Lols wad
Can you get to mu?
Haha yay okay ^^
Y
Haha with who?
Tomorrows Friday tho =D
It's impossible. I drinking frm my bleeding tongue already
Ding ding! !that's fast. Hee. Get home safe and later open eye nightbig OK!your dear loves loves u!! Far catch some sleep
Yeah lor. Ian's one is  <#>  beds per bunk right. This one two bedsonly,like hostel still got table.
Then i'm not a friend? X:
>
That's Chester
O how do i reformat
Eh just 4 days stuff lo. Please wear shoes. I told the participantsas well to wear cmfortable shoes for games.
He says he juz wanna pass u bday gift. He wun disturb me la...My bf ask him not 2 call me again.....
Dad is sick.. so I ll come down
Hahaha yeaps definitely!:D you can try next time:D
Oh, ok thanks... =)
That's necessarily respectful
Lol I just got home sia. But I don't mind. You already there?
Post!  ...Mytho's still in the closet....
Haha cally watching movie later at  <#> am. I dont have players le.See if you can find any bah, if not stay at home rot =(
As in?? I dun think he will go if you dun leh!
I pocked you up there before
Oh. Coz u ask how to hand in Ma.. thought u finished alr.haha
Haha I forgot eh I think np orchard today got sell.
Be a bad boy. Be rebellious
U at ur mum school iszit?
Hahaha should be dont have le bah. Unless you want to start planningfor trips? Haha
No I told mum
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
Lesson
4 part ho gae..4 reh gae
<#>  for 0:)
s goin!
sorry ji thodi der me aata hu aapke paas :p
K
Monday nite not staying. Tues morning go back
Exactly the same feeling i hadiln weekends last sem. Who's ur form teacher btw
Haha ok ok I dun know D: asking my bro now!! Haha Chester cmi): hahasee yeah! Or it could mean you just dun care what I do haha:P
U guys ard somewhere
So sorry... Can send me again... Lost it...
Uhhuh! idk! A green packet! They showed us some rations for  <#> hrsone! Haha night vision haha! Ohh shucks try to leave early if can!Tonight sleep early!
Cannot I will go back to u lol... little exercise lah plus u alwaysask me eat like just now T.T... okie... I go sleep le! U dun sleep toolate hor good night!
Erm... E rest lor... But terence left... Den rudy came... Wa, he really slim dwn a lot lor..
5.steps takn for islamzation of judcry and laws aftr  <#>
UNRELATED MUCH
what do u wanna know ?
Oh no, what happened?
Paiseh. Working. $ <#>  do what?
Wait
LOL COZ I WAS WAITING FOR THE TOILET:D why!! See doctor???? I got flu): ):
Lol. Whatever lor. Maybe they feel a need to lock them down young.Before they leave for greener pastures haha
ll hav lunch.at...wher?
Hey leeping. Mr kwok got a project for ex students. He needs photosof your sis's graduation photo urgently. Do you mind if I borrowthem?
Hey Tze.. running a bit late. Just reaching Chua Chu kang. Will reachin  <#>  mins
Im doing good bro. Will be coming to colombo dis weekend.
We bought new car:)
Oh no then I cant go le
Home le bblp
Did u send my EE file too
What ?
Hey, decki doing with his friends? Haha.
Nothng k leave
Call me if the pressure readings are up, need to bleed brakes, orgetting ready to run thru gears. Call hor, don't sms.
<3
In general I guess so, but if I knew one not like that - and I knowtons of great English majors - I'd see exceptions. You know Justinisn't just retarded
m goin ikea now w my family... If got e frame how to pass to u?
Belated thank u n same2 u
019870491 My mobile if u cant call me. i have msn. romny1980@hotmail.c
m pubbin now, gee, cant go online...After my drivin ah, hmmm, den where ur meetin....
I didn't do social network.. I did online store...
Shal v meet in break
Kiss my sunshine girl!!
Okay
Loft@ <#> . Kismis here.
Ooo I just received this. call me when you going down!
So meet where wat time
Hi Noel care to intro
I already took it la. My mum so kiasu, booked the jab for few weeks before jus took it last wk
Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed & irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING
Sorry haha I need to report for convocation rehearsal at  <#>  sohave to be before that:/
Okkkk I buyin
Im so sorry I didnt know you were so busy. I will do it tmr.
The thing says need ah not everyone in my exchange group can speakJapanese! Anyway got 2 of them self learn from aft they got theexchange and they can speak Japanese v well (:
so pub broadcaasting is a valuable source for children. it will be a great loss if there is fewer or no educational programs.
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
eh.. dunno.. u outside now?
around 615 lor
S...i will take mokka players only:)
Haha psps!! I was sleepy so not thinking clearly :P omg wow I'venever eaten there before! Haha rest well later! (: hahaha go hug themback, share the love LOL!!! Haha just reached!
The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
Got sell even laminator, binder machine and money detector.
I'm not lol
That's great!!
Must be maths?
Hi all, i'm at com2 dr6.
Dearie I waiting for bus. Just missed two busses.... Cn wait at trainplatform?? Kiss u later. Muuacks
Huh what? Omg you just woke up? Oh revision for the test? Isn't thata good thing! Haha ooo yeah maybe! But I think maybe partially coz youjust recover? Oh my faint hahaha so lame!!!!!!! Oh haha icic! so gay:Pwhy were you happy?? I'm happy I couldn't fall asleep during math LOL.I forced myself to sleep coz really too boring!
Haha told u lol... not weird right... nope watching my show lol
Yeah, as soon as I finish coming and stuff
Mummy ask you to eat first then come back cuz she nvr cook.. She was out with a. Theresa the whole day..
Yes.  Next stop yishun.
hee. yeiyei you were wonderful today! i put the yellow mac bear on mybag le! dadingding! feel so happy
Okay
Fk life. Fk.Help see if anyone nvr hand in
Are there TA jobs available? Let me know please cos i really need to start working
pls dun b like tat!
ll do some moderation.. anyway, ya... jia you!
Girl have you done your stats tut?
where u ?
Nop
Not me. I tink only YX they all
Depends on whether the cg of the stick is translating or not, for<DECIMAL> mv2. Rotational component sure have.
Ic. I oso leave sch oledi, to avoid  <DECIMAL>  peak hour haha.
Hey fen... U wana come tmr instead anot... Cos today i got drivin lesson...
r u wrking rin?u 2 roy..,wrking?
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
You east coasters
Going to use d
Hey 4 lab xam oly til sql!
s not going for lect.
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them & say, I'm always correct.!
Oh okay. What you bought?
Did u get the ip sheet today
hi tazz, intro pls.
Whereeeeeeeeeee
Haha. Oh gosh. Okay lah. See u tml in our presentation class!
Ok... then i think i need to buy memort card also hehe...
Weeeee're at Asian ghetto
I see. Reached clementi alr
huh? poke u! love my dear.. now my nose suddenly dripping ?_?
Hey tmr i meet you at 10am bugis ?
1's reach home call me.
Den where is e nearest mrt station tt u can meet me?
Got ur chem ass back?
U got bring contact lens solution?
Nvm i called him and told him liao. Haha.
Hey you mind splitting cab to changi?
How's life lately? Been waiting for suitable time to call u but keptmissing the timing. ._.ll btw, my exams ended already.. n I'm back tomalling for awhile. Haha.
Ey bro go confirm my Oxford comma adoration
I just lov this line: "Hurt me with the truth, I don't mind,i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... But, Never comfort me with a lie" gud ni8 and sweet dreams
last sms is very difficult to do :-)
Haha okay!(: not late today right?
Why don't u understand my life codition
P. race 9-(3,10) forecast. Good Luck.
Lol alright I'm going out soon... u guys on top or below?
U sleep liao?...
Ur hand phone number
You can get your Dbs replaced for free BTW. Give them a call
Gshfhsg I'm like ten minutes away now... I might only be like fiveminutes late!
Ok thanks
Hey why don't you try namrata? Her lab was yesterday
Ya of course
Yeah exactly. Not sure either. Depends on when I have breakfast I guess?
Is there anything on on  <#> th july
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Lamer!
Haha I'm not): wow! So is it nice?? Haha I have no idea how high thatis leh! Haha yup we were there since  <#> (:
Okie ok nvm la.. Thanks anyway gal.. Cya!
I know, its all because of me. I will try to improve
After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
Where are you:-.
Cant
Get correction in dbms record nd compltd sign by 2morow!
So sorry bro, will be 5 min late... am on the MRT right now.
Ohh the dates for my research plan isnt even filled up yet..
Ring
Lund kat ke du laude.
"Everthing is valuable only in two situations...,,Before getting it...!and After losing it........!
Pick u up at arts or wat?
Business class? Wah. Maybe he asked for upgrade.. or maybe dad inairlines.. anyways, you ll know tomorrow lol. Have a nice trip then!Can't wait to see you on Sunday.. take care! :-*
Hi Andreu n baba, r u in the bus?
Okay. So any contact person regarding that or she'll look for me?
Unhappy ah? Then what do you want to do leh?
its confirmed. I spoke to him last friday. do u think we can meet at ard  <DECIMAL>  tmr at the coffeeshop?
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
s day...
Only if you can :)
Hi andrea, i think once sree finished the last case, maybe u canproof read? Got to pester him to finish asap? Haha.
hee. chou chou i love love u tooooo!
Hahahaha cool. Where are you now?
I having lunch with shuhui. Xyan shld be done at 4.
Oic... Haiz, im down wif flu now. Really bad timing cos im on course. So, how was yr day?
Yup I told him le! he says it's in hostel!
May u hav nytmares evryday..
Nop not staying
Dar u called me? I still in lecture :-).
Uh whut do I need to do
I m going night cycling. Friday I will be going back. There is dragonboat on Saturday. Call me in the morning if u wan. See you!
Yup. After my ai lecture.  Pomo!
Yeeeahhh lol
;;
Oh... Good luck to both of you!
Insha allah it will open...it must open
Hey can u gimme ur laptop pw...
Lol.meet up again.haha.we will miss u n ur muscles.
plz go home tommorow otherwise u will feel lonely
Meeting is cancelled.
Sory to ask d
Heyhey my friend!! Happy birthday! ;)
No rushing. I'm not working. I'm in school so if we rush we go hungry.
Why you Dint come with us.
Daddy will reached MCDonald TOKYO at 9:40pm
Only u? I be meeting xinyi at 12 at bishan. Can u make it?
Thanks lol
They took the seats.-.
So why didnt you holla?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
LOL COZ IT'S LCS. WAHAHA YES HELLO ABIGAIL DOESN'T LIKE MILO
Sorry tay):
Hahaha its alright! Just wanted to hear your voice heehee! Goodnight! (:
Mcchicken meal upsize, double cheeseburger upsize + green tea, mcgrill + green tea, mcwings, double quarter pounder with cheese upsize, lots of curry sauce
Hahaha not for new passports. You collected yours already?
how long u will reach here??
Call me
Sorry haha!! My phone was in the living room so I never check! Allthe other random numbers are you also ah!!
sp?
Haha wait till I get one then I dl for you. XD
I love you!
Haha it's very meaty eh. Something like seoul garden.
Gd student study using lect notes onli mah.hahaha.
You're welcome! Actually I anyhow wrap but it turned out nice sia!Enjoy the book and night! Sleep tight!
Looking fr that. Gd nite.
After my work ah... Den 6 plus lor... U workin oso rite... Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
Okay!
Hmm.. why leh? Got a fren you dunwan to give present to?
Remember what liwei said about the answers to mcmurry? I have them all:D
I tot a lot ppl will get girl? Take pic of ur buddy. Is he cool
We r here.
Eh u all r still inside right?
Nxt nxt Mon u free?
Hey!!
Haha awesome I thought you've seen a ghost lol
i hav to add that that depends on whether the qn is a trivial one or not....
Haha coz I never reply! Haha I was supposed to wake up that early butI fell asleep shortly aft sending that sms! Haha put on earphones andsleep!
Haha <#> kg ba.I m <#> .Woot.
老公快点陪我一起去睡觉！！you got a long long day ahead of you oh~ :*:* XoXo ^O^
BTW ur math ass  5c i wrong I tink.
Rmb read the actual qn given by prof again b4 u dive into theresearch...dun research wrong area ar...
Gud nit...
Haha coz she not involved in this, wait for me v waste time! Haha wowhave fun XD
Cally got class?
Nvr mind..i sms him too
I want to speak with you urgently.Please call me.
How? Nid being wat ar
Please speak to praveen- <#>  relationship manager.
Slap
Wen U Believe 'some1' Deeply, Misundrstding Arises.. bt dont fight4 it Bcoz sum misundrding is needed 4 gud undrstding Its a lifes secret... good n8. sweet dreams
Girls look better with long hair.
You coming over already?
Hv physics. Will end 7
Mine was wondering if you could get a ride either to here or from here
Ok. But think venue for dinner change already cos cant book. But should b ard t area also.
Sorry dad, not tonight. Maybe tmr?
Its worse if if uses half way then stops. Its better for him to complete it.
Next week gotta sailing on wed n thurs...What u girls doing now? Exchanging info on which is e hottest guy huh..
good morning, i am a dog.
8332 2650 6006 all three buy 2 big 2 small, ok.
s reply den we confirm e details?
eh, your class ended already or not? i need to go off soon.
Ya you help me buy?
Alright thanks!
we shall meet at canteen on every sunday
UPON HOW MUCH CHESTER I HATE YOU
<#>
No.
Lol.. u at ur gf hse today? I dunno yet.  Haven't decided. U?
Going tmr?
lol me too
Post! " ;-; " -Fakir
I suay suay got one lesson from  <#> pm. Morning got lab so Iprobably spend whole day doing lab also.
Hey do u wan to meet LCS in 1st or 2nd break?
!!
Nice :D thks
Btw, did TG update u on IS <#> ?
Cal me.
I can't even bring to school already I'll bring the whole thing with ardupilot on Wednesday
ya lah  but the guard room will  ask u come here for  what  then hwoto tell them ? oh i am here to eat the porridge ah ?
We're at com2 discussion rm 6. If u don't know where, i meet u nearbiz canteen, pls reply. Thanks.
Yu quan sent me: Eh boss. Samc how? Ideas leh. Go think of theinitial steps leh. Mr soh never reply meh.
I love you so much.
Once free Help me machan, it's my friend bike.
whats is your nick name?
Eh u submitting the report rite?
Hi Andreu, where about r u? V r pasing migahakula. Is ht an intercity? I'l mesage on reaching home. May God bles u.
Ha bhai me t0o gtng tht pr0b bt nw am out of mig
Tell if you like
Hey honors got any hmwk?
Ya i am going
Wait i vl cme at 7
Okay. Noted.
I'm at Safeway
I will go if I can. Or maybe not. Not sure either actually.
Kk. Jus hope dun rain!!
Thanks for your email, I received it. Can I confirm the rate is SIBOR3m + . <#>  all the way through the loan? Both packages you sent onMonday quote a different rate.
t plan so early la
what time r u leaving school?
U climb in ar
Jia you on your proj!
How are you? Whats going on? :)
Whoa!!! Okay!! I hope she didn't scold you:o
In pl4
Just to cfm u wake up le.
W don get the wrong idea ok .. Im curious only ..
Sorry, I'll call later In meeting.
Yes. Yes.my work time is eve 5 to mor 2:-)
I tot u saying ryan tan, my other fren lols
Can can.
At home lar...
That category?
I accident went to lunch first
Hihi!! Timo jio you buy gifts at bugis at 1 pm today if you can make it!:D
yar probability ki jo assignment di thi wo galat ha?
Haha 都 okay.
In case tml go pump, bring passport?
Da pls put money today.account number; <#> ,Rakhesh KR
Gud nit andrew,il cl u 2marw,v put dat entire tin,tanx,g,b,
Wait there at the gallery. Will find my own way.
Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  <#> , I'll text you details in a wee bit
I have no idea! The website says www.livestream.com!
i sold mine yesterday
IT READ SUAY AS SISSY LOL OH NO MY GOODNESS YUCKS TERRIBLE! HAHA I'MDEAD ALSO LAH WHAT IS THERE TO SUAN!!
Icic. It depends on u. Haha. Do share with me what are the standardquestions. Good! Excellent!
Coming back now
Ch hse waiting for bus
Yeah can you take it out?
Hey mei... U goin tmr rite... Have u got anythin 4 jos?
Gimme a msg when u reach home..
ok, can. :)
From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
m going home now to shower first
Ok. Then who reach go buy tix first. Dinner, me anything. Depends u wan eat w ur parents or not lor.
Ha ji wo actualy pc pe kuch kaam tha.. Aur sunao ji ki haal he:-P
May This Navratri BringHappiness In Your LifeHatred Be Far Apart From Your Life.Enjoy The Festival With Love On Your Heart....HAPPY NAVRATRI
Lol where u
Supper?
hey can i borrow the text book from u? i wan to zap... can i meet u tonight? where will u b?
It's Friday woot woot!
Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
Sorry i just saw ur msg. I am in the lab.
Ya, already at FoE le... Is at level 4 rite?
his number is 93620200. why lei?
Yay! Good that you're not late!(:
Now you must be like "fml why you sit here" again
Doing wat now
Billy say ok
Hi where you
Oi call kar
Take a short rest my dear!
:P hehehe I sneaked off! Okay!!!! I shall buy tay chilli sauce!! (: (: (:
Haha yeah I haven't heard  <#>  in quite awhile also, but still thesame ppl haha awesome (: haha filing all my blanks in worksheets now!
Ok not a trouble at all. Anyway just to cfm wif dat u all coming back on sun rite? Scare i rem wrongly.
No problem. U need help just ask, ur fyp really quite ridiculous.
hahha. but atleast gt more free time. waiting for ur nxt lecture?
No not yet.
Boy you best get yo ass out here quick
Not offer but need... Typo...
oo.. 2 more ? i check with them if they found any yet.ur frens' names are?
No. Nvr. Haha.
Going out with my mum and sis. you want to join in?
Teacher gave us 10 lessons, meet me quick to get.
Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
Why lol
Hee k! Now i near bye bye place
yar chap 5 q <#>  solve solved para ha
Ead assignment out le.
Meet up for dinner? Ard six thirty to seven?
Can tell me florence's hp num?
good
Am at cafe in ucc
Din noe u lk soccer so much...Leadin a tai tai life now, not too bad, haha... Finally din hear u complain abt camp life...
Hahaha oh ya. So sorry about it. So you have texted everyone of them?You meeting them what time?
Yo later bring your friends go no orchard buy balloons eh lol
Ok
chou chou!  dun slp so late k.. u need to wake earlier than me. :-*
;->sumit to kbi m0vie nai dekhta.. Abe kamin0 kanfuse mat karo mujhe:-D.. Nai to itne ched karunga ki pata b nai chalega ki saans kaha se le aur
Ok
Hahaha yo! I have cca today T.T
Ya awesome rite! Come changi village can take boat there. Set?!
Haha maybe later u hungry le leh... Nomnomnom! Lol hao arh! Ty! Nowstill so early only omg lol
HiVivian
Other one
Wat tell
Was it just the usual drama?
Naice. Cya then
happy birthday my dear friend. may god gives you long life
Lol no la I will pass you all the forms soon haha
Katong?
Alright man. Thanks!
Lta eday buy  <#>
Actually i want to try out my new code on the field :/
Yes earning  <#> $ per day
One more traffic light reach station. Today i walk super fast
Hi:)
Haha later u take bus back, along the highway near toapayoh u willsee bag of onions dropped all along the expressway. Lol
Episode 7. I went to like the vampire.diaries page on facebook then I saw 9 friends that liked it too. So I was like 'whoa' then I realised they are all girls.
m jeff.care to intro...
Hmm.. Can we meet at 6pm then?
Whoa I thought all five only?
Hav a good trip? Buy something back for me. :p
Wat! I still normal weight hor! Bmi still below  <#>  hor! Lol...haha must have confidence! Me will luv eu forever... hopefully...=x..haha no lor mean is  <DECIMAL>  quite high
<#>  w jetton ave if you forgot
MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND!
hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to?
Hahaha woo i see. Wah how can you determine your fate like this. Lolso unfair to him.
No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
take care
Yea wait
S.i think he is waste for rr..
Thanks for your message. I really appreciate your sacrifice. I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. I'm in class now. Do have a wonderful day.
Fine
Total  <#>  absentees today
Haha so u all sing 1 more only lah lol... no lo I in front sing somuch omg....
Yea but my phone was flat:P haha just charged it:P how is it notsuan!!! Yea damn sian it's still lagging! Oh they serviced anotherproblem, the bricking thing haha x.x
No chikku nt yet.. Ya i'm free
Hey i am going to be late for class... U going?
Okay we otw le.
Ya figured... zz. I ran anyways.. tomorrow then.
s fow... Aiyo den die la, i dun have to go to sch nxt wk liao...
what colour u prefer for ur site?
我也好爱好爱我的威豪老公!! take a quick rest. hee. me also clumsy with it
I see... Haha... Must go so high end saloon de ar? Lol
I know
Sup?
Huh?? Ohh I want the one I lent you? Hahaha!
I won't be late. Can be slightly earlier lor.
<URL>  And ths is my link
O ji aap yeh dial0gue mat maro.. Thodi der pehle apko isi karad punishment mili thi..:-D
Caaaw caw
Oh great comp crashed
See you at market. I go home first, see if bro at home.
Ok joan is goin...cya.but she duno how to cycle.we teach her tomorrow la.k.nitez.
Yay good can find u hahaha.u which day can?I quite free 1 onli take 4 mods this sem.muahaha.
Yes.mum lookin strong:)
Went to the fourth of July picnic and went home haha
Ha... Then we must walk to everywhere... Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel
Losar  <#> . Eptoin  <#> . Fludac syrup. Pan  <#> . Leon  <#> . Tvs  <#>
Like proofread and edited arguments and made sure we didn't look likewe did =P
Now my fringe look like your fringe.. Wahaha..
Hongling also!
Eee yes! It's super awesome! You're amazing Grace!
U wanna eat tian ji zhou?
Sure. If they cant make it u still want to come? Cos I need to booktml, its freaking crowded, need to book way in advance.
Hi Ricky, I know you said to wait until tomorrow, but if you wantupdate me on the remaining items, i'd appreciate it. Especially thetradehub <#>  curtain store name.
Dear I charge HP. Call mybhome if anything k
What you up to?
ll be mtg for CG at 5.30 pm this thursday. Pse revert... tks!
Feel like trying kadeem again? :V
Yun ah,ü fri til wad time?
Lol ok.
If I can get <name> up lol
Just wanted to hear your voice actl :P hahahaha glad to see thatyou're awake! How were the articles?
Oh no. must get!!!!!!! Oh are you taking the nus module???
Ok!
Boon lay!
Home le yeiyei
monday go eat dinner?
? tomorrow
I'M SORRY IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE HOLE LOL OMG SWYPE HAHAHA
u tuition today?
By air patient zero who infected many others. His name is timothy tay
Okay I see how's the situation for lynette's discussion tmr.
<name> and <name> not going.. next time ba:-)
Okay,nervous?
OK.
Eh wat u doing
Ok thanks =)
Okok
Oh yah... We never cancel leh... Haha
9 ppl only
I am busy right now please call tomorrow
Yeap v fun v^^ haha chibi wants to see ryan too>< haha its okay!Tonight spend time with your mum okay! Tmr then we see each other^^ Igo check when the center opens!
My dear, good morning! I miss u, did u sleep well?
Ok, im done liao... Where r ü ?
Bro s0me1 t0ld me tht eby gcs m0stly dnt w0rk.. Btw wht u b0ught by th0s crds
Bhul gaye ho sale
Happy birthday! :-D
In rain you must be feeling to go outdance aroundsing songsmeet friendsjump aroundno worry...!Every frog feels the same.Happy rainy-day.
Ok which your another number
Cally eve moi
hihi! interested in free movie at NUS this coming friday evening? UCC is screening local blockbuster haunted changi at 8pm :)
Ok waitn
Ok her
I dunno? Fsae haven tech inspect leh, so sort of waiting for that too.
Yuanhan and Yuxiang. Two of the sian people.
Why boring? So long nvr play! Or basketball. BTW Mon can fetch me? Mywhole family going overseas without me
Np:D
Oh crap haha sry sry.
Waa too buff gt ur paddle? How's ur training gg?
Haha wow! Hahaha of course, compared to mrt!! Ok go for your rehearsal!
no
Eh.. I just woke up only. Was abt to ask u meeting wat time. I come over nw.
Tell
Haha still got cough sad face! Wow so you were doing your personalstatement? Hahaha interesting dream! Tell me about it sometime!  <#>more mins eryi!! Yeah!! Haha I thought it was okay, honestly I onlywent to read 2 qns yesterday coz I felt v bad about it x.x
Yeah just woke up. Going for ARP?
Okay.
Its nt formal presentation rite? Walao neva say early 1
Yes. It's all innocent fun. O:-)
hey i did not come to coll...y
Haha... Sounds crazy, dunno can tahan anot...
ll behave well k. Tdy many stall close.
Done ~
Lol well they left me alone after that
hee. telepathy!! u make me so happy. reached cck le..
Who ru?
Wen r u cuming back dude!
Jus now lols. Wat time u eating breakfast 2moro? Can help me openturnstile at 7?
Haha take cab lor. Anyway I'm on bus le. Yay me! Ill be at yihthough... com 1 too far lol.
Hmm I was warned by the advisor.
Be near finance
What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
Wahahahah ok lo can complete ur assignment can le lol... suddenlyfelt so guai lol... so poor thing T.T... wa just tot of it wait phukettrip clash wif ur period then die!
Ya. Need a change of environment ma. Plus this church is really badlymanaged la.HAHA. U dun like their ppt I dun like their sound system :)
Up to you (i think it's fine), or you can ask yyc to do some batch cropping since he has the original photos
Wad u want to major?
Nope. Now going Tamp
Say 5 lines URSELF every morning: 1. I am the best. 2. I can do it. 3. God is always with me. 4. I am a winner. 5. Today is my day. Good morning
Did you joined today?
U where got fat so thin T.T... wait in the end I fat only sob sob sob
how much is the book ?
I tis week no sch lols. When hols start for u
I bought sweet wine, i like one, cos i taste b4 i buy... Den i bought jams oso... So wan abalone? They buyin tmr liao...
Chocolate!
Ah OK. Nothing.. chumma for company
okie!! mug mug. :D
Uhhh lots of productive schoolwork
Haha dont have leh.
I'm going crazy
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Yep!
Wei qiang jx and gh not going the rest going
Busy... Have a report to rush.
Hahaha :)
Maybe we have 2 print at NUS but need a saved version 2 bring there?
Got smaller capacity one? Quite ex...
For the rehearsal only right? If it's then i don't bring charger.Presentation we can use e desktop in class.
No break time one... How... I come out n get my stuff fr ü?
So,did u leave bag there? Have u found a room. Thurairaja didnt yet find a place 4 son. Bye
? s ur lastname?
Come class find me
Wts. Sick. Tis year trackers own
9pm+ math lesson
Canvas? If u r talking abt the newer ones its fibreglass. The olderone is alu sheets.
Yup we planning for a bbq ... But still waiting for other to confirm ...
Got the cards! They look cool.. will pass it to you when we meet
Anna good night.ok bye take care.
Hi, can I meet u all at  <#>  pm? Coz I arranged  something on beforethat. Sry
Hmm.. Why not u go vivo walk walk. I go carl's junior directly? Butany idea which floor is it? Haha.
Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
K
It works my precious
I'm on my way back. Will you online when I do.
This goddamned internet
Hi ....My engagement has been fixd on  <#> th of next month. I know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
Lol thot u end at 1? Anyway u eating lunch b4 going?
Ya la... Waitin... So long...
Den wat time u wan
Lol kk. Then which slot u taking?
Haha first row ><
It's fine by me but I'm not there... I think <name> is and if shedoesn't mind, go for it!
Reply ok if u receive my last sms abt the trip.
To u*
S s
Pig ~ got see my last msg?
Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand.
Lauda dherke thodi baithe hes re ,mausem baiman he.
Den we will still b given student price and loan rite... Hey how u noe comin nxt wk?
Hi anyone wan to intro
Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
Wil cm at arnd  <DECIMAL>  - 8 i gues,wats up?
ü submit your form a already a not?
Hi. I think just what you want to show in the demo
Lol wads the name of the bus stop
see ya soon!
Wr r u?
Then anything special?
Nvm nothing already. Needed help registering for the automation project.
Just reached heeeee
Me neither lol but we have to
Ok cya Mr lee
Yo yo let me know when you are on your way back home k? I broughtyour present out le. :-D
Good that you're sleeping:) call you later!
K
Hi, will you be sending me the invoice for the dell monitor?
Yes
Hihi! Can I trouble you to check if I'm awake when you reach sch tmr?Sorry! There's no one in the room:P
Haha it's seemingly tellable! I notice if ppl talk/type differently one!
come to hotel we shall have a dinner
Okie, watch soccer thn watch movie. Ü
Oo.. icic..thanks.haha.
I miss tu tu liao! Lol... my bus just left lo omg
Who r u
PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS)
Comin bk on 4th june.... Ya, buy winter clothes bk... Take care too...
Yeap! Haha that's yours for sure bah! Ooo wonder what happened! Hahayeaps that's the only one I got!
I am going to call you back when the metro arrives.
r welcomed.
Gud nt bro.. Tak cre
Hey you reaching? I go downstairs wait?
The guy did some bitching but I acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
What happened in interview?
Lol I think they thought we are those 看水 guy.
Eh... which msg?
Hee:-).  Boy I going to slp. Le. U dun slypower late k! Mug mug
Both enduku ra i time lo
shan.. last time did your project enable twitter login..?
Hahaha we made ice cream and pasta! (: (:
where are you??
Oh D: okay ~~ ooo who can???
Frm pulling gate? I survived art :D
U go wear ur bikini n tan lah! Haha how come got to study for chem test? gelek also lah? K lah...u dun waste ur sms lah...cya when i get back! Miss ya all!
Ya cuming
Have mini hawker stalls. But can bring bread. Eh I didn't leave trailsia 2day rained like mother. But u can try getting chased by dog
How much i have?
I cant hear you oh
Do you have a tracking number for my card by chance? Also, can youask nana about my hard drive?
Current came?
s our rag day...
Good.
me too
Got a new study for mno subj pool! Haha.
How much u trying to get?
Have have!!!! Left one more. Save for later.
ll let u change one... Anyway, sleep early, nite nite...
K
Wow... Nt bad wat, can relax n exercise at e same time... Haha, i still have to pay money to lose weight... Enjoy ur cyclin den...
Bukit gombak
Oh okay
No choice leh, very busy. Most probably will only eat dinner outsideafter our projects.
Dinner where?
Haha... Okie..
Nope but I dun drive.lol.
Hey tonight you all free to come astro?
Oh! Dun fall sick! If I'm not there at 4, can call Edwin tay for meask him open the room?
[essay]
Ok
Yes had a good session at the gym
Gud ni8
Yes
Ya
Yes that is as important an issue as punishing the culprits.
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Hey can you bring laptop when you come?
Waste.
On this day O'beautilful Mother and Showers of blessings.
Ehh wow I just got both your msgs! Haha I anyth, free now all the way!
are we hving dinner 2night?
Ya rchd
Fish babies.
Go all over sg on bike find nuggets la.
no prob, see u later!
Wah... U even rem her, i dun rem her looks liao... Oh, lien w u now ah...
yep.. you ?
nw on the way. abt 9 i think.why? u gt lesson?
Hmm.my other friend starting at six say abt  <DECIMAL>  end so shouldbe  <DECIMAL>  I think.. want meet about 3pm?
Wish you with good health & happiness thru out the year.Happy New Year ^鈥哶鈥哵
Ask didi if i cn get a metro.nd gv me a cl
Gymnasium!
Eating in sch?
Princess, i like to make love  <#>  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!
Mum ask u to cum n eat bfast at 930 tmr morning... U got da msg?
Hee.. Ok see ya
Highest is  <#> mm alr
cannot see u?
Well there's still a bit left if you guys want to tonight
Wha tomw going 2 bring so many kids out. Actually need 2 buy shoe n white shirt 4 my ceremony. Next sat we c how, c if t gal free or not also.
K lo
Haha sorry><
What's the significance?
Ok can...
Yes, just hope they don't turn my phone off by then.
Yup. Just got :-) good to finally  see you :-)
Now press conference da:)
Home ledear
?
k
Are you guys planning on staying in sf long?
He telling not to tell any one. If so treat for me hi hi hi
t sabo lei..
Lol u damn lame
hey ger!will u b able 2 attend mi bd din?its 16th jan at esplanade at 730.fri
Nw still on bus. I think juz take the v2. If gt other pts to add thenI rewrite.
Nope there got food
Nope LOL that was me!
ok haha thanks but most impt now is actually the start screen changes and the mark screens cause I need these 4 images to make the game flow
Haha omg! The food for hamster and mini bat super duper cute!!!!! Andomg hahaha the photo bomb!! Damn epic! I showed my friends haha theylaughing like mad! Thanks (: goodnight and sleep well! Date night isextremely cool (: we should watch it next time!
oorh! come safely k. then meet up with u later. hee. flying kissesfor chouchou laogong!
I just have rehearsal tonight that'll be a little intense, but the                                last few have been fine so I'm sure I'll be okay :)
Hahaha ps!!! I went out with ryan do never check phone!! Yeah that'sHehao!! Hahaha ok pea I show you the other guy!! I haven't sms!Chester also say he wanna watch!! Do you mind if he comes along??
i am dying of boredom at home!i need a job!arghz!any recommendations?
Eh... U buy ticks huh... Help me bring my ring out oso, in my room...
Eat finish already. Heng now walking back w other liao. I think t time darren come pick me he saw, why he dont get e hint... There goes my reputation again...
Had coffee?
So reply to his email.
Yo me going hm liao. Try another day k .....
Kaiez... No prob...
Eh the bigger the better.
im in sch
Haha k. I need to caution u also, ur sa1 not that far away, so dowork a bit harder, get gd results then can relax in peace during urjune holidays.
Hi, hw r u? R u goin fr the paintbal game?
Lol so I guess the thing u gonna tell me is not about ur result...but ok lah u still above average arh!
U were neithr playn nfs nor waatchn eps thn wat wer u duin?
Yeah he is. Ohh I am gonna run.
No we put party 7 days a week and study lightly, I think we need to draw in some custom checkboxes so they know we're hardcore
K ill drink.pa then what doing. I need srs model pls send it to my mail id pa.
Fuuuuuuuuu
Get ready to go for collection @ midnight mass . Fr. Bob.
Hmmm I might reach her place before u guys sia...
Sig. I am performing da lifesig
Left ur keys lo
Haha yeah! Widgets are stuff that iphone dont have. X?
Ys
Yoooo
Yeah that's the impression I got
Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot.
t think about program now concentrate on your test
hee. i see how later. love u dear.:)
Eating now?
I am still on my way home.. Went to see a movie.. :). He told me that he gave it to the TA.. So I think its better mail him?
ll call u all when i finish...
When is GE
Oh and what if he's there before you are?
Do whatever you want. You know what the rules are. We had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening, you showing responsibility. Yet, every week it's can i bend the rule this way? What about that way? Do whatever. I'm tired of having thia same argument with you every week. And a  <#>  movie DOESNT inlude the previews. You're still getting in after 1.
How many MC? I think about  <#> mc should be ok..
Have u talked to Shawn today
Received  <#> .. thanks!
work hard
I tot meeting at GO 1st? Den got bus fetch
Tmr i can only mt u durin my lunch break...Wed la...
Ok Andreu. Have a good breakfast after mas. Bodily strength aiso suports us 2 keep 2 our mental resolutions without being much exhausted. May God bles, gAndrew, unfortunately I have been asked to sit in Emergence sup judging panel this afternoon to stand in for our chairman. So one of my very capable Seniuard n guide u or Project Manager Mr Dinuka Perera will come to deliver the presentation. I will send his business card to u. His phone is down currently.
LOL that would be awesome payback.
When GMP launching??
Nope haha
Hai. One less option for me. So will you be there for long?
(You didn't hear it from me)
Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
I may be. Confirm later
Omg are you still pigging?! I can't call you up later!!!
Do u have any materials which can teach me how to do a cost benefitanalysis? Haha. In terms of whether to implement an inventorymanagement system anot. But whatever materials regarding CBA would beuseful.
The  <#>  seat is the auditorium. U can email  <EMAIL>  or call  <#>to ask abt the yong siew toh recital hall.  <#>  seats with Steinway.
Producer ahahah. I want to but it's hard to chances to become successful are low. In hostel? Tell me when you wanna.meet up.
Uh huh! It's really good my dear!
If you reach now, you ll find him.. I ll be late.. might come only at2. Get in touch with Rohan
Tmr after dinner free.
Oh.. So the one who bidded in mno <#>  is u ar! Haha. Don't have midterm.
Hey I nvr go to my friend there le, cause quite mafan.
Confirmed hor, all can make it except ger.
Orh!! Sayang u my girl also tired le. Hee. So lucky ro hv u
ok, sure. see u then, if u have other pics probably can bring over aswell, either the actual photos or in thumbdrive or something, so u dunhave to email them
Ok. I should still be around then
Eh Monday nite jus go le. I wanna watch movie le. REPLY
U liase with karen if u want to okay? No need to tell me liao. Haha.
Hey i ask permission from mam and went to hospital on  3.  <#> . Now only i came to room and i saw your calls.
Have a good day.
Haha! I want apple): cut for me! Why can't get anything done unlessi'm around leh! Hahaha so sneaky:P then next time I expect you to domany many things for me how! Ooo haha I like to cover the entiresurface then toast de! Hahaha I hope he does very soon, at home likethat very annoying, if not having quarrel at home btwn my parents,then will be btwn my grandma and my mum or my bro and my parents one.I'm so peaceful can, only shout when they really annoying me.
Hi! How are u ?
life sux! dun u thk so?
did lijun call you?
Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
Haha psps! I had to reheat fried rice and soup haha! Hahaha I hope Idun get angry with you! Hahaha maybe I really not that awesome haha!But no direct bus!! I think? Haha!
Hahaha.. I had also noticd dextr's resemblence wid paul klrman. .he talks lyk him. He even luk lyks him. And Dextrs sistr Debra r husbnd and wife in real lyf. They maried while filmin 3rd season. And now they r divorcing
Ok but he picks his nose a lot
Ok sun at  <#> pm.
I am busy.
Cbe is really good nowadays:)lot of shop and showrooms:)city is shaping good.
Yeah I was kidding :)) your type of movie? Romantic comedy perhaps?
K.:)what about morning session?
Haaha think so. Wah messy meh lol.
Goodnightytt
I think can bahh
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
HAHAHA DAMN JOKE HAHAHA
Hello hello. I have class in like four minutes
An excellent thought by a misundrstud frnd: I knw u hate me bt the day wen u'll knw the truth u'll hate urself:-( Gn:-)
Haha yeah ): huh omg i'm super confused! Haha yeah >< I wanted toreply but everytime I touch my phone my friends will be like ahemahem! T.T yeah I think I will try to later><
Ok noted~
Hm... Okay. I need to go collect my laptop. You call me when you are done?
Last week u told me I go there at 4 its closed already.
Yeah we wouldn't leave for an hour at least, how's 4 sound?
but i scare i fail ler, how? i got a few modules din study very good...
:: grinds teeth::
Hmmm.... After my drivin den free lor... Y?
Lol.loser.hahaha.Tian long got go u can find him talk some cm stuff.lol.
Of course... you too!
Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week
No go market eat.
:-( neh mind
Thats nice
Many thanks.
Cleared final round..waiting to get appointment letter.
Hi, tml meeting is postpone and we shall just send our work to eachother online since Marcus have a term test on Monday.
Okay. Haha.
Whaaa
Yo what time you free?
k k talk to u some other time . want to sleep already
Yes yes. Sorry I forgot to tell you. Just saw your message. We will be home soon
Cutefrnd
I will bless the person who puts his trust in me. He is like a tree growing near a stream and sending out roots to the water. It is not afraid when hot weather comes, because its leaves stay green; It has no worries when there is no rain; It keeps on bearing fruit. Jeremiah  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day !
(That said can you text him one more time?)
Sorry? You are looking for?
Lols I call my pinky buddy!
Early go home early to bed I guess.. Anyway Mei Li Nadee and I want to take you out for dinner.. Plz tell a date ok.. :) good night then.. :)
Ok thks
Hahahaha I see. Waking early? Lol
Who r u
Mam when is the class.
Is gu ming si yi de. But toss until 4 is quite xin ku man. Thinkingof stuff ah?
Not..tel software name..
Mon got farewell and class dinner right.... Weds?
Where you
The mis report and slide how ah.
Nuuu playing mj haha...
Back home.
Nabei kia
I reached ady
En go 2 pray must eat vegetarian? ARGH! I HATE THAT! SO HUNGRY!
how your grade ?
Hahaha what the!!!
No Greeting Card To Give.. No Sweet Flowers To Send.. No Cute Graphics To Forward.. Just A LOVING HEART wishing A Blessed & Peaceful CHRISTmas to all.......:-)
Hahaha I see!! everyone went missing!
I reach city hall mrt station liao.............
Aj nhi aa rha hai kya?
I dun nid anything...Hehe
No, go for it
Hi andrew anna how are you? good night.anna * ok anna bye* take care.
driving?
I not sure le. Probably not. Okay go swim lo. Wat time
Haha..I think ok leh. But maybe she really like the way we present.
Sorry, travel plan complications
Hi guys, gentle reminder:  <#>  meeting at biz Canteen
Ha ha i guessed yr house got no visitors ? My dad has a lot of china friends
Ok  lo den go ba
daddy ask u got xi gua to eat or not.. hahha. u wan daddy to fetch?
When are you coming?
No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
Oh that way.. hmm yes yes.
Caw.. feel free to time skip if you want xP
Msg me when rajini comes.
I need ur help for VPN settings. Pls cl whn u r free.
Cya
I know.. depressing shit
I tot a lot ppl will get girl? Take pic of ur buddy. Is he cool
Dear reach home le ma?
Eh good.vacation is always good.how bad can it be.hahaha.ya ya u from last holidays say wan meet until now la.final thesis write wat thing 1?grad soon?I still got 2 sems.roarrr.haha oh ya just woke up of cos.no one shd wake up any earlier during the holidays.lol.
Same
Let me know how 2 reach wellawata frm nugegoda.Text me
Haha then u wan meet wad time?
U not taking with shuling  <#>  meh? Haha. My friends and I takingthe first slot. Mon  <#>  de but may change. If u cfm taking with us,i'll update u. If got change, is change to the slot 2 or 4.
wtf mate ^^
K..result amounced?
thanx for the birthday present..I like it v much..
ll reach nus ard 3... U still at e centre huh...
Well, our army are well trained! U can always find general Cheng todo all the dangerous stuff!
L
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Hey, i can't connect to msn. Btw, users cannot change price ateditprofile. U can tell laura to start integrating too. Thanks.
Haha, okie, nvm le, i nt old, tml is my building opening ceremony, abit buzy today, those big shots change their mind like nobody business, made me so buzy
Minimum walk is 3miles a day.
Yeap! Ard  <#> ! (:
Inside kap
Dun want! I want to walk! Haha wow omg hahaha lewis so funny! Andsuay prolly XD hahaha so now still mj-ing??
Yah, that was wat i had in mind. Going out wif my god sis to watch a movie. Haven seen one since my birthday last mth. Well, hope ü enjoy yrself! Take care...
Where they?
3 pm! Np haha
Hihi.. so u done anything abt the ppt?
Awww so sweeet. ;) then again I wouldn't tell you if I dreamt ofsomething bad right
Yes.
Congrats on passing. Eh later u see bike ask him a few things: 1)Fuel consumption.  <#> km\litre is gd. 2) any overhaul n when? 3) howmany km per regular servicing. where and what is changed duringregular servicing. 4) any stuff changed last 6 months or year.. gotmore stuff, but the above more impt la.
Haha.. ya ya.. wait for story. I juz reached home.  Hee. Dear doing wat now?
walking over.. gg to toilet later
Lol not just = one of the factors.
I dont know why she.s not getting your messages
U guys never invite me anywhere :(
Coming back from hl hse. Bought durian puff for u
Welp, traffic
Haha thanks jac! Heh have a great year ahead :-D
Ab kya hoga?
I have lots of dishes to do to! I'm so excited. This will be a                                    weekend of productivity.
Can come at 530?
Call
Hey babe...ask u hor u prefer chalet at downtown east or juz a dae out at sentosa?Coz if bk chalet i dunno if e guyz can make it..if they cant den waste $ bk...
What time you finish work?
Well I have to come anyway so I could just come now
For sure. I loff yew. I'm going to bed :)
Oh thn
Lols! Sj going himself. Not wif me
Waa jus Emo man.
Ask liao, he said jus plan 2 stay at e beach, nothing else planned yet. Then u think need 2 bring clothes 2 change?
Hahaha I could actl just ask my dad bring tmr. Heehee
Thks!
hows the class n all going
Did u download the fring app?
I go watch you!!:D go hsa, its alot better! hahaha eat the tablet!!
Bol na bhai
s vv nice...h??,next time teach m? how2use!
Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
When is the class? sms me back.
Mahjong tonight? Cally not free, see if you can find players.
Ok Mr lee
I ask da jie to buy le.
Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
<#>  Didn't work. And i tried it without the zeros.
Haiz... Overslept... Cant buy liao...
aiya.. anyhow buy la..
Then wat u need 2 bathe ur dog cant come up or must later?
wanna go shop shop??
Well, there r gods everywhere, but there also will have a number of dabao-ers around also...
Okay. Thanks in advance!
No
No man.. Im etng dinr.. Wat abt u ?
cannot! I got to go for tuition... You go lar... I meet you after that?
Eunos... Who's there alr
I've decided! I should give my character the middle name "Walmart" ormaybe "HillshireFarmBeef" in honour of you!
LOL no no he's not graduating this year! Damn!!!
Well enjoy urself then.
Yo I don't wanna participate in sports day, u can ask jens or Spencer haha.
Oh no haha i'm extra blur today supposed to go woodlands then Iforgot to change train._.
Hmmm. K.
I'm just suggesting that u elaborate on why the amount ofcompensation shld be debatable under the issue section..
Haha  <#> am, but I gonna chiong my assignment eh. If not saturdaycannot go out lol
Da im realy sad 4 dat.... Im the sinner...
so nice!!!!
Lets go for supper
Dramfeste ends at  <#> h
Ya she kept ready
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
chou chou i juz left hse. hee. baobao u sion
s nt gd lkg 1.but ñjoy his stories ñ swt.but we dun reali noe each oèr well.
hai sine? intro pls?
Told u to go bugis oredi... Very hot, cant stand it...
Song not sing. Thriller,i was just stating the genre.
On your way?
Yay!! thanks:D haha yea lor really feels like damn long never really talk!!
I dont have ps to help you test for hao wan de lol. If got I just dl eh.
Computing students can't make it tmr
Then tmr or thursday bah.
Met xin at driving centre jus now she passed! Hee
SINGATHUKU  ROMBA  KAAL  VALI..!鈥┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??┾??㏑omba Thanks..鈥〢mukki vittathuku.! Gud nyt
Nope.
Lol really. No guessing.
goodnight..sleepight
Anytime eh
Friday night mah. Haha or if you free, help to plan leh lol
Haha..wat time u all going? Orchard?
LOL my dad is damn good LOL. Haha yes he just told my mum the onlytwo things I bought today are pink so next time everything I own canbe pink!
.... I tahan so long in aircon room. Now dam sleepy le
ve uploaded da photos 2 geocities...
Wen vil u cum?
Hahaha awfully disgusting, but it's over! Haha tmr gotta meet again!7pm ourspace. Lynette will tell you all the games you all will be incharge off.
Yup! I'll change the io thing and send back later!
I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
Good morning
Ya la lol. I had real heavy lunch at botak jones.
Cool :-)
Kya?
I REALISE I WORE ALMOST THE EXACT SAME THING TO CLUSTER OUTING LOL
How did you know that? hahaha
Ahhhh my msn spoilt again. =(
Yeah for sure! Thank you
Studyn.
Lik wad lols
:-)
PI
Lols nicole hse?
Okay I ask her.
Thanks!
I am having lessons now at lt 15 meet me there at 5 can
Ok i shall no think of u ... Haha...
I will try. Will the house be open?
got flu. maybe next time
Dear Juddy. Please call the doctor about the issue we discussed. thanks
I will check and let you know.
Wtf the awards will onry end at about  <#> h~ <#> h
all contestants deserve a gud praise!
Coool alright then. Look forward to tonight!
* some text missing *gh frequency.  <#>  persons died just recieving the call. Watch dd news to confirm. Please inform all your friends and relatives soon - its urgent.
Haha beat them up! Hiak hiak hiak... yeah that one Ty!haha nvm lahjust treat me the koi can le
Ohh haha oh wells at least all your exams are over! Haha the ocsthing? What will we do there?
Bblp i go slp le. Kiss u and see u.tml!!
Kahan
Okok nvm rest well.....
Where r u? Want me 2 talk?
Short But Cute : " Be a good person , but dont try to prove" ..... Gud mrng...
U all now at expo le??
Will do
Former not formal!:P hahaha you should've spammed me! I didn't wantto fall asleep again de): ooo cool! Yup just finished!! abbie andvivian ordered pastamania so heng and I went down to eat together:P
Bout 1 plus
Mr lim there will be an art exhibition, partly by he ning, tian ranand i. Don't say bojio. Jio you now!
You need to be PATIENT, in order to do the will of GOD and receive what he promises. Hebrews <TIME>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Yup. Thanks!
Ok :-):-) how de.
Yo so we meet 3pm eh.
I am back of chit
Hee. Sayang u. I found a seat. Slowly do.. :-)  puuuushh
Where you at
<#>  Jan is public holiday.no chance 2 go 2 po.ofce.
Oh I in class now
Yeah home already. Didnt close the windows when it rained?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Okay. Noted.
Hahaha nice! When did you join dance?!
Ya. Water in the heart or sth. My uncle flying in from Canada
Ok no prob have a great weekend!
In net.
m shopping wif my sis.
He says  <DECIMAL> .
How i noe they wont do it on e spot one... Still muz wait a few days... Eatin my choco now, read newpaper very embarrasing, so many pple...
Eh ok I join u all.haha.Errr who are the pple?lol.
Hahahaha come eh I treat you eat. XD
yea actually im feeling a lot better  da one day did the trick stil feel knda ol but ah life.. Any way u have a great day as wel Rin :)
I'm getting a router sent from Amazon with prime
Hi Ricky, I need to check with you about the outstanding issues.  1)soil for the backyard, 2) paint touch up and 3) plastic edge for thesliding glass door, 4) bathtub sanding, 5) gold color for house number(the glass people says the existing is sandblasted not a sticker), 6)tiler's access door to be reconstructed, 7) please send me the colorscheme for the house. Finally, can you tell me about my neighbor'spaint progress?  Thanks.
Haha.. Tuesday go again lo...
She obviously could be swinging many Birkins and taught HRK a lesson or two
Dear saw her :-)
NO I DUN HAVE SHORT HAIR!!!!
hello francis . this the world
Nt yet. Here raining.goingto eat soon.
Haha. Okay. Search online loh. I usually find online.
Hee. Bathed and massaged my mama leg. And missing u le!!!!
Haha. Nvm lah. Can finish one also can. I read le don't understandalso no point. Haha.
Are you free tmr?
nai abi...dekh raha ho
That's nice..  haha. Got no history qns ba?
I tot operational is only useful in physics
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
Morning...Sailing off later..Take care..
am busy
Alrighty cya!!
HAHAHA HAHAHA HAHAHA I REMEMBER HAHAHA LATER IF YOU SEE TAY ASK HERCOZ I LAZY SMS HER:D
Dnt u swear?
Probably not so early bah. Got things to do first. Meet 9pm?
Public holidays no rh supper right?
Awesome. You mind if I reach a little early say  <#> ?
Haha sorryi just saw yourmessage.
Still can't? Working fine here
ll be working till bout 7... Cun meet ü earlier... wat time r ü leaving tmr? Or can i meet ü tonight?
Haha yay^^ orh! Really don't mind ah! But I have no idea what timethe mtg will end sia! Haha yeah omg>< >< I hope everything will be okah><
Yeap. I'm about to after lunch. Haha
Ahahhahaha awww
Qatar welcomes VP HR Qatar alkulut company....
where r u all now? dinner?
I'm taking bus so it's abit harder to estimate the timing but i thinki'll reach at abt 7pm. Paiseh ar. Haha. We go and eat carl's junior.Decided liao.
<DECIMAL>  pe link road pe mil jaega kya bhai?.. Waha se apan d0n0 auto me chl lnge
remember to bring the book
Got meh... When?
Haha I not sure, u ask him first see how?
Eg. Tonight  <#>  at sunshine k?
Ok! U can read my mind. Lg reaching yishun soon le. Mmmuacks. Loove u tooo
in mandarin by nafa students? Student price 6bucks... On 15+16 may... At jubilee hall..
A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
I
pei wo jiang hua cancer girlgirl! actually got tv show to watch la Ialready veteran liao can
I am here
Den dun disturb liao
Hahaha I'm touched
Hey...the file u uploaded for ic engine...those are all alreadyparaphased?....or u copy and paste one?...
Okay. Thanks!
Tne pucha kya j0
Hm. I thought clement is back, no? Talking to chloe's sister just now.Actually I like nicki minaj haha
Sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
If the walls could talk , oh they would say  want you more. They  would say, hey,  never felt like this before and that you will always be the one for me
Haha then why suddenly go crazy lol.
Hmmm ya lo very tempting... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... buy fries....hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm shld I...
Huh... Waffle machine?thk u send to wrong person...
Sooorrryy
I think shld be can, but i'm down for sth in council so might end late!
Seri k k!
Hi
m still in sydney lor... But will b goin mel on thurs...
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
m bathin ma...Haha... Anyway later got nice show, got jay chou...
Hi diane, Tha ks for your help the other day. We have some questionsabout the HSBC home loan information. Appreciate it if I can try tocall you about it.  I will try to reach you again later today ifpossible.  Also we are interested in knowing the rate for homerenovation loans.  Can you help?  Thanks!
Any da bao requests?
K
Oic. No wonder they asked if we want to self collect. Luckily i smartenough, ask them to post to me. Don't help them to save cost. Haha.Wah then he going to which jc?
Haha! That would be nice:P no no I was I was wearing fbt! I dunnowhat he was doing la. Damn weird! Haha I'm the only one awake here,came out of the room to walk walk, then very liang and shiok!(:
Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
He's just gonna worry for nothing. And he won't give you money its no use.
Lols! Imma coming at  <DECIMAL> . Can Kimberly wait?
Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. U kaypoh.. I also dunno wat she collecting.
Ard  <#>  at amk! Ps late reply!
Hahaha! She never poke? Oh no super lame!!!!! Haha yups (: butgetting distracted by TV haha x.x
Lol quite good what. My cap is  <DECIMAL> . Oh the slow climb to honours!
heee. aiya baobei i sunno hw to merge..
Do you know when dad will be back?
s shop selling clothes izit...
Ph0n karo
Me now at chinatown eating... Just now went to temple...
U all decide liao den me lor...
Okie then I tell u the time on sat
if u wan to join us after your meeting just give either of us a call
Gosh haha jiayou eh!
Luck isn't in UR hands, but decision is in UR hands.UR decision can make luck, but luck can't make UR decision. So alwaystrust URSELF.
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
can meet you at 10?
Just got on  <#>  to go ikea, i'll probably finish by ~ <#> h to  <#> h
Hmm..we meeting this weekend right? Today u free?
Hahaha..use your brain dear
Nthing ra
Haha I thought she comes more often than the rest! Shi-chan comesonline the most haha XD haha what the!! How did it start ah!!! OHHCHEY.LOL!!!! Got cheated! Well you could possibly consider a longdistance relationship!
Hey call those participants that want to come and tell them to callme. Remind them the camp fee as well. $ <#>  thanks!
Where
Ok see ya on sat then =)
Ya I know.. else I would have panicked and called you :)
Haha maybe! I think she might have went somewhere to meet someone!Lucky she came late, if not I look at the gate I will leave le hehe:Pohh I bathe at nus le! Haha okay (: not tired?
Haha want to join us at nus library later?:P
Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
I'm an intern
I going on time! Lols nid to sleep 1st la
so what are you doing tonight??? come to home we will hang out:)
Whr ru
Hi Andrew, wish you and your family all the very best for  <#> !! Do tc and god bless.
West raining?! Wtf
Okay
Haha zao en ning hao! Yeah I nv use twitter de. Fb more interactivema haha. U more active on twit meh?
Hey how are you?
itz reali a test of ur maturity. remember we said tt everythg happen 4 a reason? believe in it n force urself 2 talk more and think abt other gd things. surround urself wif gd music and luffing pple.
Yarrr long time ago.. u?
Hey do u wan to meet LCS in 1st or 2nd break?
hihi! next monday xiao long bao buffet for dinner?
Ho gaya, i don't have reply of 'kyon'.
She has sent the summery..
Are you free?
LOL np:D but I was too late still! jiayou jiayou!! How many exams doyou have anyway?
Yea if u haven eaten I guess. I tink yuanwei coming :)
How's the snow.
Abhi nahi. Dono ka answer hai.
Oh I haven got time to look at it today, tml I will atttempt toassemble, if anything I give you a call on monday?
hey today got meeting?
Haha go home safe! (:
Like a presentation lol
No ur treat
Me juz went shopping wif my frens yesterday so today stay at home lor... Ü all wanna meet up...
Mirapakaya moive lo una
Honor any hmwk?
i dun think i will be going..caus i have to hand in my first hyp draft on mon...streszzzz
Nah cannot waste time. I need to study leh.
Asap
Hi i hv trnsfrd rs  <#>  to ur ac.rnt of arun .he wil pay rs  <#>  next mnth.
Haha what the! it may not sound logical! Ooo okay I ask around, butwho will know if they're taking graph theory??
Really? Weird haha
Cha!..
Icic...anyway..buy megaupload soon...if nt cannot dl running man...haha
Wha so good... I heard from my bro, EPS might b an IT agency... Then u prepare ur clothes, transcript?
Deacon only ma. Prob won't counsel so much. More like be the fall guyto lead new projects haha...
It's not!! I'm back!
Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
Glad they realize.
Thanks so much.
Why not! En en makes me an xin ma! I'm home liao! Tmr holiday stillgo sch for what lol. U got work ah? And what does 'at what hao liao'mean?
Ya have le ... Sianz
:-( okay.
Hokay! I still havent call the person up because I still finding the number.
I will only be free tml at 9am.
Yellow I reach liao. Have you?
Not there was not lol
Kisss u many. Looove u so much darling sweetie wonderful baobei.
HAHA bus stink because got ah pek eh. XD
gd gd.. sayang u la. kiss u!
Haha  <#> th eh.  <#> th confirm crowded.
my favourite color is blue. why lei?
Ok lor then we go tog lor...
Eating now?
Okay
Lol serious. Im not kidding. You can try.
Hm? ok lor... how come she nvr call? What time we meet
Hee.. I duno u not at home yet. Maybe c wat time my sis back den i go look for u.
sgs
K
Okay! Overnight mahjong hao mah?
Mahjong after work??
Haha no just saying! Btw don't open the front things might happen toyou! Like srsly don't open ah!
ll scared.. Haha..
I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
Lol sia.where got.
what weapon?
Okay.
s over... My hall won one award
Hahaha why not! Timo is nice to talk to!
Thik hai
That means u can only rank what u can see in cors. Or u wait for theswap period on wed, see if ppl wanna swap with u after u got your lesspreferred slot. Honestly speaking, appeal for tut is harder to getunless the rest of the tuts have timetable clashes with u. Haha. Icic.Usually 9am class i'll be late also so i can't gurantee a place for utoo. Haha.
Eh we pushing the bbq to 5pm since no run, u free?
Ok... Aiyo, y so many pple skip lect... Pink also...
Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while & found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up & he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:"Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night
where are you now
Yep! Then lglp tk  <#>
i got it
Why were you giggling so much? :p
Why so sad? Chill
Bus stop.
Ya I also I since 1pm lo even worse! I go raffles find u bah scare udunno how to walk over lol
No. Going soon
Oh, good. Gonna go get dinner?
Yes!!! Omg want to eat dinner at Joel's house also??
Huh... Haven la... My fren still ask me to go leh...
Alright, I love you
It's OK anna... I'l cl u later
Woah, gg! Must bring fbo right?
All 3 days?
Certainly.  <#>  edgerly rd # <#>  boston  <#>
Haha wow phs hahaha I owe him  <#>  bucks! Playing what! I leave with shihui?
Im outside the stall already.
hi manish what ar u doing
Yup day 0
Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
Waiting for you come soon getting late:-@
Yoyo sleeping?
LOL his is like he's smiling so widely in the pic like he was mean tobe photographed so it's scary!
Xi an
In dream aha.
everything is nice!! forthe loading screen ah is it possible to draw some
character on the ladder escaping earth? or if not can just put a
ladder there to show?
then can shoot outside mah ?wah liew fail markmanship test ah?
Wa!smsfree h. Now startingto play game
For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. <#>  Petrol-Rs. <#>  Beer-Rs. <#>  SHESIL  <#>
Ruuuuby if Chris came to your house could you potentially bring himwith you? XP
Hey Swetha. Can tell me name and phone number of person who needsticket so I can block?
Now tt i know u've PE tml, good luck then! Haha.
Hey did u take my math chapter 4 notes?
Karthick to delhi..
Throw him a toilet roll....
m doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons... Brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
ll pai seh lor... Eat less den my tummy will not be dat big...
Challenge accepted. Eh tell secret!!
Oh ok. Got check e price? Wat its like?
Something wrong?
We should cook a dessert so crazy my mom yells at us about it for years x)
Do my hse have a clipboard?...or ur hse got?...can lend me one if u have?...
3 I wonder where the red beans went to!
Oh bro i ve fallen asleep near da lap again ane im sorry tonight pls Sry
Sailor moon!
Hahaha thanks alot.
Im nt in a situatn 2 cal.
meet you at the park
Oh lols okay
t know how much I fucking miss you...
Aircon.
Can send me ur passport expiry date and NRIC issue date?...i try helpu apply passport again
Bout 7. U finished alr? Wan gym today?
ok
Outside staff room
s on friday 1-2. yours?
Who r u?
Haha. Oops. I didnt see your msg. Ü want to go at 9?
Lol no. U can trust me.
waiting for  <#>  dear! coming coming
Fine..u?
Oo buy stuff? What time we tell him we meet him
Its like that hotel dusk game i think. You solve puzzles in a area thing
Ok. See u later.
ll back msia tml. u ler?
s fren, thgt u noe liao...
Yeap!
Ok u come my house take bah. Cause I 8am need go sch le.
So how? Who going wat time
I thot all did?
I know. I need 2 shop 4 my clothes lah. Where r u? Its ok if u dont wan meet me.
Monday ko  <#>  bje intrvw k liye aa jana.
kiss u! on  <#>  le. later i find u at tech service?
Oic... See first, if near exam i stil v blur abt e stuff den mayb jus go there take a look... =p
Bhai kaha pe he..
Li Mei.. I will come to your lab at 2 ok.. Till then even if the printer starts working, don't print.. :)
Dat one i dunno...My seniors say onez
One more! Coming over! Finally! =)
It's fine love =)
ok. noted
I meeting Chong hui at 4.. Then meeting carol for our class together at 5.. So good! Meet ivy for lunch! I also want..
Vincent! Earth hour is on  <#> th march lol
U so naughty.make me miss u one whole day.
Swype lol
Memorial mail please
Iam so sorry..
Ask <name>!
Hey we go out eat. Rush west coast market aft training
Hapy bday cumi belatd... S0ry i f0rgt to wish u yday.. Hv a cum blast 0n ur bday.. Btw buz me whn u'l cme 0n mig.. Tc n hav a gud day..:-D
Helo,any1 care 4 a chat? Girl or boy n how old.
Ignore ur mass SMS abt the accnt number
Lol bo ko leng phuket affected badly one lah... it is so far away...Korea is confirm one but phuket is nearly as far away from Japan asSingapore leh.... if phuket affected Singapore also affected lo lol...wa lol funny but bk quite near lah so bo pian... Nomnomnom! But nothungry yet lol
ok, see u at 7:00 pm
Oh opps lol too many email wif the same title I must have fail thewrong one sorry
Macha if bus is kanjirapally,can i get in the bus?i saw one bus to knjrapally from kaloor..
Ohhh my kinda entertainment's good right.
=D
Yup. Bring to practice :-)
<#> min's,   I'll call sir.
Reach le! Nope!
Okay let's say bye
Relationship isn't sympathy le.... U got to b happy also wad
where are you now?
Ok!! Love u!
nao
Hi.
Hee yeah. Eating instsnt noodle. Den read abit more slp le.
Lol I just finished my exams eh
Put your trust in Wisdom, and you will possess her and pass her on to your descendants. At first, Wisdom will lead you along difficult paths. She will make you so afraid that you will think you cannot go on. The discipline she demands will be tormenting, and she will put you to the test with her requirements until she trusts you completely. Then she will come to you with no delay, reveal her secrets to you, and make you happy. Sirach4: <#>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters. :-):-)
my b minus.. sama sama.. nt laugh at u.. jus super funni both our pattern..
Orhhhhh whatsapp huh.u typed whatzapp la I tot its a sound u make.hahaahhha.
help me print can?
s still there, i left oredi...
I'm at mu
Today, if possible , i must have a copy of the invoice before i can send it for repair.
Yes I have to travel for 2 days now.
It was not bad. Got  <#> / <#>
a
Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
TrumanS <#> E
Is  <#> pm okay for u?
帽ever break four thi帽gs i帽 ur life,,, *trust... *promise... *relatio帽... *heart... bcas wen they break they do帽t make 帽oise but pains a lot. G. N
Sunday afternoon.
Oh.. the 3 of us are on the left the last row of girls..
Haha tsk tsk. That's sinful lol, but happy jiu hao mah.
Haha he was chilling in parents' room so I went to his room do work,then my parents want to sleep so he came to his room, now watchingsome video haha ._. Oh wells at least I got back my HTC so I'm playingmusic ^^ haha no ah I only travel with my mum side one, I am verystranded from my dad side one! Haha then where!!
Only $ <#> ..
Macho, do u hv windows xp cd? If poss, cn u pls cum 2 my place 2rmw? My machine is infectd by virus, i tried many thngs 2 recovr, no use. Thought 2 format and instal windows. I hvnt done this b4, so need sum help. If poss, lt me knw. Tc. Gn.
Lols arp
Just sleeping..and surfing
Haha if dont have then go suntec or raffles to buy lo.
Okay dear I am going out for dinner first k.
U know wat's e password for kingkong1?
Ok will be going
ooo. after exam we go shopping k? buy u something nice.
Ahh sorry I'm coming back home late tonight ><
Hee. Orh. Think of me then :-)  u there already?
My luv is pure...n momo 2 toi he khuwabo lage....
Dont expect too much. It's bangkok.
Fell*
<#> -Jan
Time for school again! Woooooo!
What! Why cannot! Unreasonable! Lol... I at outram liao! U gone for ur gym le?
I mean me too?
Ok lor... I buy dinner for them now oredi...
Nice haha
Aiya.. got it wrong
Where r u?
where is e location? something to do with marketin?
I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
Hi
Hi! i am going for shopping coming then meet me at bandra
Just now wanted to tell u tt I was going to find por por cos she sortof went missing. But she come home le. So now going to school. Denlater I going hm for dinner hor. But lg wt to go hm with u hee lovelove lots.
U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
Then Thursday we go out la
I thought u went out with her so maybe u would have know what. Haha.
Ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
Mike wants to know if Nick will be able to make it
Got it. Thanks for the remimder:-)
Lumzzzz I'm sick): hopefully I'm better by tmr, then I'll go! Let youknow tmr morning!! sorry sorry!!! X.x
Sounds auntie.lol.wat abt considering to do some housework too.haha.
Hey I was speaking to Shiv just now.. we had a long day and he isn'ttoo keen on tonight. I ll probably skip as well.. we ll do somethingnice tomorrow and follow up by going out on Friday.. you have fun!:-)
Lols! Eh weds wat ur all doing? I dunno to go not le
Hahaha okay!
Ok. I have just parked. Ill be there in a minute
Im wait now at the office!
wait im comin!
Yep!! more like brunch Lol
Hahah. Ok. Enjoy ur crab! Later weihao feed u your miracle pills..
Dearest darling yei yei, get a good rest today k. Will give u moremore sayangs. Love u lots my wonderful girl!
Jeffjeffjeffjeffjeffjeff
Happy 21st bday hor! ;p
Sure, join us then!
hi 6666 !
Psps going wcm
Hahaha friend!!! I just saw your sms!!! You're so blur!! :D
Ya.. but going for project meeting soon
weekend greetings.enjoy
Fk life. Fk.Help see if anyone nvr hand in
My girl, night night!!! I ub lub u so much. Tml wil go sch earliertoreturn book. Muuuacks! Den we lunch tog k. Hee
sir ne kahan ha nasir sahab se milo wo guide kare gain
nn is hungry. me too. i dont have any money left, so maake sure there is still pizza left.
hey. sorry to get back at u this late. didn't realise it was  <#> thfeb already. u free this weekend?
Haha bo pian other slot kana book very fast le lol... Woot never readlol... so sad T.T... Thailand affected? Hopefully this 5 mth nothinghappen lol... hmmm u got any craving?
O han livrpool ka edwood park ma ha
Gt <#>  baich de
On my way back now. At Paya lebar alr
Joey: Hai! anybody can intro.
Haha slowly stroll home eh. Some more raining leh haha
Ya lols I tired siaz. Eat den go hm lo
<#> .. must go jogging
Okay!
Hey u tonight need to assignment or study for exam??
Mimi40 icic. So wat u doing now? Working or studying?
Then if bout 6pm at my house ok?
Wait i call him first. So ma fan.
Since i tweet a lot on Sexuality & sex, dont like personal sex tweets from anyone
Nope she won't! She's happy to have replacement! And she's cool de!
Haha u din buy I also can treat u movie arh lol... haha then u gotbuy anything else? Same! I also 2 put I dunno lol
845 lk tt lor... Okie, hope i wont get lost... Cya tmr...
Anna is it correct to spell the distance as ' metres' ...?
Ok. I.ll got later
Da im realy sry 4 wot i did ystrday... I dnt knw.... I couldnt control myslf... I couldnt sleep wel thnkng of it.,.
I dont know
Who are you
If You mean the website. Yes.
What is the name of that site that pays you to write articles for them?
m not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
Ya i noe haha got 2 interviews bt watever la juz try lo heez i also got chose nus sci
Haha I dun know leh really! Very confused!
Lol!  <#>  at plaza sing. I dunno if vivien ang going leh!
I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
Watching tv lor...
Oh... Dunno anyone goin soc... Ur classmates leh, they shld b goin into computing oso...
6 matches ki valu 3 memu 3 matches win so eqaul
hee. 谢谢宝贝！ 爱你deep deep also!
<#>
Btw what time you reaching airport. We need to repack the stuff leh aaaaa Oh and did you print the eticket
Thanks.Bittech is near lapro ?
Getng anothr cal...
Am I still in the pt? I got cca><
Hey hw many exersices t hve compld n dbms recrd
I picking xyan at 5. So shld reach before 530.
Yes I will ~ :)
K leave i wnt believe u for anythng in ma lyf tym.
Come come come ~~!
Lols who going?
Shhhhur
K set cya then
yup! dun worry, not this week:)
Not coming school?
Haha later bah playing game now lol... ta that one lo... then waitfor Natalie to put pic arh lol... no bg now? T.T... boys come I tink isure overslept lol
Try neva mate!!
m at hm. U going office later?
nitez
Short walk.. more like a break than a date
Plenty of religious people don't believe in bullshit creation mythsor impossible floods by god or whatever... they just believe an entityexists
Hey text me your emergency contact person name and contact number.
Hahaha funny!!!!! Yeah meetings all the way! Anyway you all want callfor meeting? I can sms but I dun think everyone will come, plus notall here today!
Aud call me to ask who is my gf.. Dat guoyang go n leak out e news..
I left the namecard with my aunt. U go her house take.
Having math lesson till  <#>
study still ok.dun worry..u go take a rest first? iron so longalready.tmr continue? else later leg more pain. i not sure what timefree yet. maybe sat come.
On the bus now..  <#> .. u?
Dar sleep le? Night night my wondetfullest boy.squeeze u tight tight! !:-* <3
Five min away
Up to ya. Meet back gate at 2
Zzz if rain do wad siaz
We watching lotr this thurs... 18th... 1.30pm... Suntec eng wah... Onz? ?
m gonna go eat already, have a nice day! :)
I not I'm position to say le. But her attitude is Rly wrong. Wat the rest say
s hse lor...
Got art ... Why le
ll do u a big favour next time
We meeting 7.30 at serangoon garden 4 dinner can? U stil in sch?
aankhe aaj rona chahati hai,yado me khona chahati hai,kuch log itne hasin pal de jate hai jindagi me kipalke bhi jhukne se pehle jina chahati hai..
I LIKE HER:-)
Hmm.. ending soon?
Oh haha paiseh slowly eat. See ya at 6 then.
Aw now I feel like drinking gc Lol. Don't need I got no school tmrHAHA. and I slept for 4 hours aft I got home lol' damn breeks. Goodnight!
<3
Gd morning,how r u? Taken ur breakfast?
Got! Dont have meh?
Hmm.. baobao wan to take train?
No prob
Okay. Noted..
i just asked..u ass
Hehe ji hum b to dekhe humare h0ne wale d0st kitne majb0ot he..:-D
hi. Can you send me a copy of the correct diagram and first question for this week tutorial? Thanks...
Just cough. Happened before. Not sure whether I will really be seeing the doctor though.
Its old one da
Ok
Reach ur house ard 715 k..
Comin Terminator 3?
Pls speak to that customer machan.
Study pa.
Courier sent.
Leaving now. Please start first. :-)
It is easy to search god than to search hidden cameras" !!!! -- Swami Nithyananda"
hello
Hey come online? We discuss eng with regina
Are you free? Can u cal my hand fon
Hi Ricky. Any news?  Waiting for your SMS...
What are we meetin tmr to discuss?
Aiya yeiuei I now still waiting for  <#> . U?
Isliye main arabi gand ka deewana ho...bilkul.saaf hoti ha
India register their another thrilling finish to lead the series  <#>  in south african soil this year under dhoni head..
Vch photo
I went to project centre
6pm.
Do you like Italian food?
Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
okie!
The following message from nats phone is from shungit
Okay! Oh wow:o mine dun have so drama I think, worst was my browalked out of the house haha then he came back later! Hahaha omg mcp!Hahaha I make a sandwich out of you ah!! Hahaha kidding! just dun askme make for you all the time hehe:P
:-o uncontactable?
Xyan dun want to watch leh. U want to go for dinner?
Weekday have not? Weekend cant
Hey ask her 2 cum di :)
<#>
You can jot down things you want to remember later.
My sis student price mah... I dunno we got student price a not... Dunno lei thk da unlimited one more worth it... But only if ü go for it lor...
Eh no nid bring le I found mine. BTW u wan go buy ticket le then swim?
i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead & wish U Merry Xmas...
Haha im reaching soon.
People may call it Attitude,But I call it Reality:CARE 4 only those peoplewho DESERVE itBcoz We are NOt Jokersto Entertain Everybody.
Hey fen ah... So when u free to meet up leh?
I was also a little late but she seemed to be only showing a videobefore that..
I got it alr
Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
Ohh hmm haha shall see later!
Ok:D   ohh shucks then how!
Can use atm transfer de arh... Stop saying my English can! It is justfb! Y do I even have to Dbl check wat I type and all my grammarvocabulary mistake in just a stupid fb post! Grrrrrrr
Haha okay then ~ I'll wait at interchange!
Call me sir.
Yeah highschool carpark. Now got swmming alr
where are u
Lols raffles place. You?
<#> mins max.
Dont know really..
Yeah just us. Have no idea,they arent telling me anything yet.
Hey hand in physics alr?
Not sure if I can make it for lab.. We ll see how. I need to use yourbathroom most importantly.
I come at  <#>  on monday pass u the parts n where to mask?
When did i use soc... I use it only at home... Ü dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
End of palawan beach
You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
<#>
Manga!
i gt tut nw.. 3pm can?
Hahaha since when u so hardworking wan be first group.lol.I take 4 mods oso dun have free day.worse.lol.
Yes! Alrighty. I've got a rehearsal with my choir from 6 to  <TIME> .I'll text you after! :)
hee. dessert? can can.. how come u know abt the show
yar ye theek galat wala kam abid ne start kia tha
AMWAY ki seminar me hu abhi. Ayega kya?
Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
Haha u wanna explore serangoon? Anytime lol! I also haven't finishedexploring nex, lol.
Yay! Ya. U reach le den i bring umbrella for u
Yaaaa my gls very busy dehh
Ok no prob...
Game of thrones?!
K.sure
i can't make it on friday. how about sunday?
Wanna collapse le...
Well I love you =)
What time do u get out?
Waa both of em?
Ok so the first break then
Waa so shiok! Mine 2day first paper. After this week free le! Hows ur paper
Haha I dun think so la! Np np (: (: haha no i'm not drunk at all, mysecret is to drink the beer slowly!:P
Rate*
Block 3 level 2. TV room.
Lol movies can haha.
U hv 2 upload or use tomcat its a program t act as a server offline.
Hey dunno leh... Maybe we go chinatown maybe we go watch brother bear
Okay. Im getting weesong to complete the ideawerkz event first.
Lol ya ya. Hahahaha they just havent unleash their potential untilrecently only.
SEE THE CLASS IS DUMB:-(
woman for president? I think all women would suck at it...even me.
hei.. - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
hey, fiona asked me to pass u msg, she going to sleep le, won't bereplying u. coz she juz got home after a day at the hospital.
Vl cal u latr.... I want 2 go 2 church... Donno y bt i wanna b wid ma god a few mins....
Hi Dr Willy, which lab do we meet you at?
Is there anything I can do about it?
K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
Ok. Found rum i supose
hey what about world idol?
Sure.
LOL but your body so noob! Hahaha let you enjoy the wind!:DD
bro did u watched da film that i gave you?
No, nerd is good. Where about is it? Covers their history? Is it like what they have in Jamshedpur?
han
Eh I scare tml I no time buy ticket can u buy the ticket ?
Coming back soon? Got a few things to discuss with you.
Haha yeah i'm not! I'm watching TV haha:P magician show! V scary!!Hahaha so you reach home le? Hahaha omg you really so against guys ahhahaha!!
Lol ok. I always ask for the moon for my bday. Everyone always says no tho :(
t e case.Nitey then go
Dar rem to eat dinner k.. I still at jp with them ..
Ok sir,
Anyone free in è afternoon? Wan to come out earlier?
Wth? U handed in??
Ok. Let me know when you are arriving.   I'll meet you straight away.
Voda(F)one Ai(R)tel virg(I)n Id(E)aRelai(N)ce In(D)icom b(S)nl How nicely these networks connect -FRIENDS- like US....
I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
Say dear, abhi yad aa rahi hai.
So u win..u wntd me 2 say these wrds dat we wnt talk..nd u wn.aftrall u r mature..bt blv me i wnt let a drop 2 fl f my eye..as jar ekta smpl ktha sikar korar guts nai,,tar jnyo se amake mithyabadi proof krche,,se sottii over d top.ami khub sadharn,tar jog
mujhe nai pata ..main use nai karta
Waiting for ur cal. U dum dum. Nv pick up phone.
Haha okay we're reaching soon
OHH RIGHT. sorry!!! Okay I'll change!
Relatively low in price or charging low prices.
Hi ing Cheong, thanks.  Will you be at tradehub <#>  tomorrow so thatwe can consult with you? Any particular timing?
Haha. Paiseh yesterday abit busy..forgot to reply u. In the end did ugo for the garden festival?
Lol ummm I think it would be better if you all tell me to striketoto. Then if that really happens, at least I could get a car andprobably go for feasts every outing.
S
Hi, I'll be returning by  <#>  tonight, sorry for the late notice, mydad has sent an email already. Thanks! - Cheryl yeow (RA <#> )
What are you up to?
U will be at ard wat area?
Shailu lucky ka numb bhej na..
They'll ask highschool guy to read everything. Got one small trophy can lah
Well we'll start with a massive bus failure...
What's e pwd to e zip file of e books n where to find e UML bookwhich u mention?
I meeting carol for lunch at Lot1 Tml. U free? =)
Hey did u take my math chapter 4 notes?
I cant rmb leh...i dun tink so....haha...
When we cannot laugh on 1 Joke again n again; Why do we cry thinking about 1 hurt again n again ? We have just 1 life.. Lets Forgive & Forget. Good ni8
Yo tonight after  <DECIMAL> pm or so free for mahjong @ leo's house??
but y u like tat? nt nice ok!
Hey michelle, call me when you are travelling.
Okie cya
I get out of class in bsn in like  <#>  minutes, you know where advising is?
Hi Andreu, so,how about rums? Hope u kept the bag at yaso's. R u resting? May God bles u.
<#> mins I will call you sir.
Bike
P
*cuddles* nah just got it recently. Damn epidemic going around! Pls take care!
Ok. Text when in bus. Wishing u both a hapy n safe journey. May God bles u.
Eating out?
Hey how are you? I'll call you when I get done with my appointment,just wanna see how you feel
Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
I've got  <#> , any way I could pick up?
Okay
No my phone battery
s still young.. have to jog lah...can feel myself expanding sideways...if not too late to remedy
Lols I v late den will home!
what you buy ?
Ask Menu where u can get normal scul saris n wil it be open sunday.
s gonna be given to someone else, tank-yew very much!
1) ABR1 and ABP22) alvin chia3) mechanical engine4) generally free since school holiday, prefer weekend, can startearliest next weekend
Thanks lot yr. And happy bihu 2 U...
Dillon said okay. So sign up billy u me yq dillon lo
Dear sister i'm coming your father in law's house.
Hi can we change this week tuition to sat  <#> am instead. I will beout of sg this sunday.
Take wat bus?  There
How I know.. Go home?
HahaI should definitely finally make that French toast
wish you happy birthday
Aight yo
add
He used to be close to you I guess it's safe to say so. Talk about the awkwardness to him lor. Dont be bothered is fine,but dont be afraid of.becoming attached I guess.
Hahas thks too for being in charge
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
It's okay, I got pearls from them china aunties
You are welcome<3 what u want wif the god of ind lol
Nothing I guess
If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
Wow wts it's full already! Hahaha
Not yet... Reaching? So early? Thought you have driving... Starts at 2 right?
Not at night la. Morning!
I also a lot cannot solve leh.. I only try until qn six n stuck.. THen qn four also dunno how to do.. Tml i free... We go lab to to do , k? I free until 12.Ü?
Sorry my friend.
t mind, I can meet u at 6pm at the busstop opposite sci faculty.
U mean i m talkg wid sum1 fr spore? Hehe. Hows spore? I hv never been 2spore!
U taking any breadth, ue, ss or what?
Really do hope the work doesnt get stressful. Have a gr8 day.
Okay
eh dont think so... Library can print?
what's the new font name u using?
Actionable?
Dear dear I tmr call u.hee. mug mug. Nights to my baobei
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
When
Have a nice day
Okay set when u on MSN tell me
gt enough money to buy 2 burger ma?
May i knw whoz dis?
younger haha! Haha coz it was beside me while I was playing):!!!
I cant not u. Cos it tie in to fsae and fyp together.
Hee... I got a freen coming along too...
Are you ready now
Yeah no problem.
Wishing you a wonderful week.
WISH A HAPPY JOURNEY.
This is strange
Eh why suddenly go there?
Thank u da..Nalla s?¤pitten.. *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Noooooooooooooooo people stalking me is a weird idea, I don't want tostalk people!!!!!
Hihi!! Timo jio you buy gifts at bugis at 1 pm today if you can make it!:D
Ok.
K.
I not sure le. The last time got pyramid ting there
No. But still should have jio-ed me. Sigh disappointed.
Raffles, suntec, tampines mall, jurong point, parkway, great worldcity and ps.
Yea I think can.
Okay then we settle on our own.
Can you cancel it by chance? Unless you're gonna use it xP
I said i 'l throw the pdc record on your face.. 'l do that in break
No. Tts too easy for u. One arm is way nicer man!
Our sch got gd looking lecturer mah. When he ask then say u need 2 wait 4 some other things 2 confirm b4 u know if u b free. Then jus ask how many agree already
Okay! Haha no la I'll return him! Owe him damn long le!
Lack of confidence.
Ok. Not sure yet
Haiyur. Kay what do you like!
kab batae gi koi time bataya ha?
Ya sure. Tml i'll be in sch at  <#> pm.
Room 18
Ok,good nite. May God bles u
Okay chat with u later on msn. Haha.
Yeah thanks alot.
Okie... Anyway thanx a lot...
wat time?
No need d.. Bharath is calling me to tanjore if i didnt go i 'l come
We going to jm house now. Wanna come?
Where you?
But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
U did it 1st! Ditch me at ecp
Thik hai.
Scolded you cus of grades? Chest ache went off yet?
s ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Yes sir! neck pain from crunches LOL wth!!
Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
Haven release yet?
LOL you are alone ah. Damn sad.
Tmr night at ily eh.
s so scary... Sardine can keep one wat..
Ok Andreu, u then atend 2 ur studies. May God bles u. Bye
Haha alright.
By e time i go down i think i no need 2 shop lor. Then both of u all like got company already then i no need go down.
Ya becps we need to submit proposal mah cos all the question we doassumption first... I rmb we got quite a few question to ask de...can't really tink of anything else leh I tink those assumption qn canlast for half an hour le
U get trouble al d time due 2 me.
That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
Minor limitations?
Hi for this weekend I'm free at 5pm, do you want to bring forward the tuition?
Hahaha haan to har bachia dkha krta tha khrki se
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
I will be going down around 6 bah. Then eat dinner there.
Lol? Umm okay haha.
But yest she went to meet her other fren instead... Today cant leh, got programme liao... Gee, nxt week we set a day leh...
Thanks. I sure hope so.
haaa u so naughty! Now charging phone hee kiss u
Ok...
Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-(
Bout  <DECIMAL>
I didn't actually get up till  <#>  xD
asif ne jab utari thi....toooooooooooooooooo
Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say...
Reply too late. Only bought 1. Now on bus
Just one meal me and Truman share
Yea.. one paddle how mch
I meant "u want pics?" Typo. Haha. Ya la. Just describing those stuff only.
Catch tank connector..ask for sizes..
Yeah I am. If you consider the overall body. You are hotter if you consider just the upper body. Waiting for dad to pick me up lor.
Omg I have such good luck. Today is my dads bday party and I was freaking out cause I ordered his gift online 2 weeks ago and still hadn't got it. Guess what came in the mail today?
I might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
lau-ka lol....
Ok have fun
U free b4  <#>  or after 2?
Yeah, wtffff
Haha fuck you
Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
Hee. I know my boy sayang me most. We can go have dessert le. Da ding ding!
Sunny song.
But u not coming the talk?
Torquay is along great ocean rd... Where r ü now?
Yeah I can still give you a ride
Wow so you been doing that for all holidays??
Oh!! We got ours around Feb  <#> th.. you should call those guys
Slept? I thinkThis time ( <#>  pm) is not dangerous
aiyah... dun tok to u liaoz lah... u always tok rubbish one... i find u out another day k
My lesson finish liao....urs finish?...
Now he is going to pay you and me.. clown
s e use...
Hahaha ohh the bimbo!!! I forgot about her :D hahaha slap the kids!! :D
s cousin
REPLY
Having 1 Child Makes You A Parent But Having 2 Makes You A Refree. Gud nite:-)
Yup in hostel! Yeah chibi is super happy today!! Hahaha well youcould live in the east and go to a sch in the east!
hey, you watched any mocie recentlyu?
Lol we leaving 4 sharp
W
Ur a gud gal baby
Happy birthday!
U wanna get a nice drink at starbucks or coffeebean at west coastlater? Suddenly got craving for it.
Ooo hahaha my mum says parkway parade has prom dresses!
My break is ovr
Hahahaha should be quite fast bah. I still need to book the rooms for camp.
U fetch me?
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Train in 2 min hee
oo..kk tks.
Call
K:)k:
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
Wah lao eh u psst me on fb then u disappearr!!!!!!
Yo.. Reminder and also some slight changes. Lets meet 1715 at sheares hall lobby Tmr..
i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me?
Huh what aggro?? Dun understand haha (: hope you liked the present!
Ok thanks u all still having meeting? My tut just ended
Lol excuses! Haha. I helped you check le. This one no queue also.
Ha
Home le yeiyei
I think the term fits you. No meh? Lol apparently you didn't want ithard enough
I on train going school.
Ooo I just saw your never reply msg! Hahaha what the hahaha but theywill be like omg an extra order?? Haha idm getting singled out formass dance! :D
Mai Gurmeet se bt krta hu
Call u soon
Yeah 2 star is 3 days that's why 2 weekends! 3 star is 4 days and soon haha:P thanks! Boo! Okay still got who else ah?I just let jiayiknow the names first?
Hey! Sorry, I didn't have my phone
Okay!
Uhh reciever had problems binding i swapped it out, now i need to chiong tutorials tmr afternoon i settle ardupilot
When someone tells me,"You are not what I need.."I Say, "Of course not!! Bcoz I'm more thn wht u were looking for.."Have a gud day!!!
Hi. I'm at the 2nd floor. Cya!
Who are you btw?
NOKIA PHOENIX
ANSWER FRANKLY.... Ne ennai parthu poramai kollum oru visayam enna? send to all ur frnds and c funny replys.. reply must... i am waiting. - via WAY2SMS.COM
Is manju involved?
yes yes we r meeting at the coffeeshop near their office
Be at home to stay with mother more please.
Ü finish ur exercise oredi ar... Wat ü all having for dinner...
Laogooooogong in basement. Hee.
"SYMPTOMS" when U are in love: "1.U like listening songs 2.U get stopped where u see the name of your beloved 3.U won't get angry when your
Stand at the crossroads and look. Ask for the ancient paths. Ask where the good way is, and walk in it, and you will find REST for your souls. Jeremiah <TIME>  Praise the Lord! Have a blessed day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-):-)
Did you read my mail.
No need le. I got it from e proposal.
Hmm. K lor take bus
Haha >< I didn't know you were going to stay up so late! Haha I justhope xiang qi doesn't come out haha! I dun really bother, as long as Ihand it up haha, what time are you coming to sch? Haha sorry>< myboyfriend eat bitter while i'm asleep><
Hey what's pranav's number?
Thanks! Happy cny!
thank you dearie! u so sayang me today! love u. get home safe!
Noooooooooooo
Wishing you merry christmas..have a great season! -saratha
what time yr lesson end?
Now can?
Ook dearie! I try to find my way there. :-)
Eh take care! Drink up and dun lose too mch weight!
Yup sure :-)
Sooo
can i hav ur no so v can kep in touch mine 5413103
My membership is PX3748
haha, "we are smart n handsome"--ben.
Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
Where's my loverboy?
Hahaha why? Where you went?
Tired pig:D
Oh yes... did he get the job?
ll be my juniors haha
I see I see. Glen's a lucky boy!
Sorry i fell asleep.
Now on
Set! I prefer javelin though
Hey are you done yet?
Oo .. u got meet him tmr?
Yeah whats the password? I resetted my phone,so I lost the record ofthe password.
Haha no lah I mean include the holiday too lol... cos my pdl end onthe start of next sems lol... hope I dun spend.so much lol cos lasttime take before le so shld be ok... need a bit practice lol
He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
Tsk more evil than me.
Hey, a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?
Wow so many?
Hee. Ya lor. But nvm. Later wait for pple to alight.
Wtf is her?..
Oh ok cause I'm gonna go sleep on them
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Alex not meeting today he says thursday
i 6 end
Unsure what they are gonna do though. Whachudoin?
Lol froyo still not available yet. I don't think the rest also has it.
Alright got dress code and things I need to bring.
Post! "I dumped Mytho for you dammit!"
Ps 4got. Going with yuanwei, tts why outside gym
Man vs wild now!
Nope
Hehehehe what are you doing while resting?
Oh i tot i neva send sorry... Cos now i save all my msg in out box then sometimes i forgot i send oredi or save in my outbox... Hee...
Kor no need ad. I retrieve at filezilla last login jo
Huh... Eh you must hand in by 24th! Our matriculation on 29th leh!
Oops! Paiseh. Yeah it's  <#> . Address  <#> .
Wat the? So early for wad
Ohh hmm around what time?
Cal  <#>  4 auto when u reach stand.
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOODMORNING
K
Lols I buy him present le. Now noe my present belated. Enough siaz
Ek Sikh ki Taxi me nangi ladki aa k beth gai.Sikh use ghoorne lga Larki: kbi nangi larki nhi dekhi? Sikh:Main ye dekh rha hoon tum ne kiraya kahan rkha hoga?
Wat r u doing? Shuhui said she only 90% believe. 10% for seeing us holding hand. She so funny..
On the way sir.
What footpritn
Then ü ask dad to pick ü up lar... Ü wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
Okay I bring red and blk markers
Haha I won't know until the mtg ends leh, hopefully around  <#>  bah!Nope I'm not online! Unzipping my Sims stuff! Yay! But need to restartmy com I think, it's very slow idk why o.o
Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday.
nope. not at home now. and wont be going town todae.
Wat the!
Me u Beekee and maybe fang? Eugene says he's sick.
Hehe! sad much! his eyes are very shifty!
Haha yeah we also split up!
Nope its China joint with sg de! Got Andy lau and Eason chan one!Hahaha well I was about to then the ad ended so continue watching!Hahaha no no!! >< hahaha were your with your friends when he chiong-edpast??
lg, meeting will drag.. sry.. but i still eat with u then continue k?
Yo sat is supposedly until what time ah?  <#> ?
U must key in the amount on top first mah
hi good evening
ha ha ha Super...
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;Valli.new ;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
thanks
Kk set. Come back teach me chem
Haha yeahh it's harder to join.
-.- I'm outside of Dwinelle
Love u
Hehe well coz I forgot to bring them home last weekend:P hmm i thinkyou should! But up to you ah haha! Oo haha you can call me when yourcca end bah then I'll go find you! I'll most likely sleep my cca breakaway :P
Of course I do :) but I have to go soon anyway cause the movie'sgonna start soon :(
Kahan hai?
You left house already?
Hahahaha yupp
Hey hey, just to confirm again, the dinner will be at marina squareyukiyaki. We will meet 7pm there, so see you tmr!
How much it will cost approx . Per month.
There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
Mon I wanna go sentosa play volleyball sia
I will come tomorrow di
Oh oh I thought you leaving from zouk about  <#>  plus. Haha
Catch you later.bye
<#>  this is dadys ofice fax number.
No not at all.. After lunch is ok.. I will come near your lab and send you a SMS.. Thank you soooooo much for helping me.. Thank you..
Tcs
hello
All right cool sounds good! I love you
Lols! I went to the art and science musuem yesterday and saw a display KMD
Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
Which one
LOL OKAY. IF IT'S WITH MY PHONE STILL NOT TOO BAD. LOL YEAH BUT NOTEVERY DRESS I TRY!
Not sure. But think you can wake up at around 9 plus I guess.
Tml night he cannot.. what time u can?
hey that xmas bash pic looks great! u look nice in it too. *saves picture*
Hee. Yes dearie dearest laogong. Sleep tighttight. Hold me tight! Mug mug.
ll nd one...
Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
:( i got gastric flu, pray for me kay! Thanks.
K d
No! For wat
Hm... Then maybe ü no need to come lar... Coz almost done already... i need the frame soon
<#>  ? ? ? Itna late
I think as DO bah at YP building.
No... in the shoe cabinet or on the dining room table?
I see. Reached clementi alr
Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
Korean! Wat time is SAT, nid bring wad?
Yeah my type. I am fine dont worry bout me.
I think it'll be possible love.. cab you get a note from Dr Reyes?
Call back
1/6. Lols we jus took module
This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply
on his dad's car..
So when do you wanna gym?
is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt?
Eh u all tactical a bit hor, say we come around  <#> mins or go toilet.
Any other day oso can la....haha...wat u mean i queue for u all?...
Tu tu! I miss it already! Lol... how that part funny right lol
When? I only thursday free. Paiseh
It's "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" pronounced "WellsFargoBacon"
We do??? I thought the team leader needs to demo
:( never mind I go holland v walk. Never go before XD
Yunny wat ü doing now? Y neva reply my msg?
Ah yes. U need it? I probably can pass to u back on sat?
I am very tired and very sleepy I cal u tonight ok? bye take care
Erm I just asked ms Vina when and where is it. After she replied I'llget back to u =) sian today go sch for  <#> mins cause my 2 to 4pmlesson change to essay conferencing session. Lol
Ok!!
Yo david my arm is all janked up cuz my friend arm barred me so i prob cant workout with you until it stops hurting

i got ditched again.
sir agae hain
Brt
Np (:
Where we were last time
Did u cl me?? U cn cl nw
Lov u! Heeeee I so hppy
Or go back.. see how..
Nice
Enough to pay fine for quarantine
do u have joel  <#>  report?
MORNING
Ah OK.. any positive outcomes?
wantto echo or not ?
What the jam
Haha...i bought cheapo  <#> plus dollars one...k lor...thanx a lot...
Kk
Waa urs so hardcore... mine laxing
I'm tired and sad that I hardly got to guitar today =(
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Okay. What time?
Haaa...
Okay
Hi Ricky, thanks for the info.  No estimate on the cost of doing thebathtub in white?  Sorry for the extra chaser.
I'm having lunch now. Maybe leaving around 3 plus
Hey can fetch u! But early le. Like  <#> pm Lik tt. Ok?
Yeah! Good food, good rest.. my sister is dragging me to express avenue now
Nhsis <#>  3
Hahha sameeee
Nudge nudge
Yeah didnt take my phone with me. Yeah..sorreh.
m at cte now.
Head of may. Yup. U too right?
m goin 4 lect later... So pick me up at 6...
Indresam wait am coming
We couldn't find an apartment xP
Haha.. Kk.. :)
okie pokey x
Message me when it starts da...
I should be coming to school la, but probably not so early?
For fun!!! Haha what's paisan????
t forget me too!
Okay see you inside.
Only 1?
<#>  only.
Thks alot!
Haha. Ok. Reaching home soon.
Ha
Ya i leaving around there
Hey xin... Wat time u wanna go tmr...
Haha. How many vacancy? But if change to c2 or c4 u can anot? I meannot changing now lah. But since those slots got higher vacancy, if c1too many, we switch over? Bte, sylvia also taking. Happy anot? Haha.
Sproul?
I knw dnt wory. So wat in clg?
Seh,vijay,dravid out.
Oh! This is sooooo nice! I am so thrilled! Huge enormous hugs from the super-delighted stella! Take care too my dear sweet sis!
I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
i have lesson till 12pm 2day. join me 4 lunch then we go together loh...
Neh each episode is filled with excitement! I am in hostel liao.
ll stop work on wed, so wed nite?
Hi Ricky, I did receive your guys electrical quote,but it did notitemize by area, so its impossible to decide what to take and what toforgo.  I thought I forwarded it to you?
Haha how u know? Thought it jus send 2 sms t all.
But he said it quite long ago. Dammmmmm
Really... Thgt u oredi booked tt lesson liao... Haha, gd...
Later the buffet at where ar?..
I see hao bah. Later you free to go np?
Lol.o.O I supbezrp siam.lol Bo liao.hahahaha.
Sorry! Next time dun buy me stuff le! We go Dutch okay hehe:P but Idunno when to treat you! D: hahaha yeah so spend as little as you canon me, then I travel to your house meet you or something! haha omg i'mfalling asleep le!
Yup. Quite str forward calculation.
when u ready u sms me i go fetch u k?
Dear I reached home le!! Dun stay up too late today k! Muggs..!!
k
Wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. Coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. Gud eveB-)
Hmm I will be in sch.
Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
Hi. What plans today?
No, I emailed them but not sure yet
s the format for econs ah?hee..
Here. Want lunch?
m quite free these days la, u arrange e meetin day lor...
Lol no. Pissed with leong because he cant pay me earlier.
Tim junhoong me and Benny.
To*
Now?
Nope.ipt next wk.hahahaha.
Okay.
sawasdee ka everyone
Ohh! Wherever to!
Ya la... eh where u now? U wan go eat
t get replies from me later.
Hi ricky, need to check wig you about some issues.  1) bathtubsanding, when is it scheduled, 2) drainage in many parts of the houseis too slow, 3) dry kitchen pipe leaking, 4) neighbor's wall repairand paint.  Can you update me on these later?
Damn xP
èn ü wkday wk til wad time?
Prepare to be pleasured :)
For punjab
End of palawan beach
HAHAHA central how?
Thk will send one mail and confirm lor, they lk nvr check whether we booked oredi anot.
I'll be in PGP.. tell me when you go
hey guys, result out by today huh? dun mind tell me ya result
When flight?
Haha saw who at where?
Next time too late le. Later ns u jialak. After ns also uni ur lasttime to take sports. Then u still procrastinate u no need learn le
Hey... U go read e classified today... Got quite a no nd sales gal in town one...
Can I deliver ut to you tomorrow?  We are applying jointly and I needto go over the application with my wife tonight.  I can deliver it toyou personally as I still have a few questions about the form.
Hehe. Ok hor.. Go out next week end.keke...
Yup! On the way to your house le.
can meet you at 12?
U reach home faster call the mother?
Ok. Poke poke! Kiss
Morning!
Watching <#> . Thrilling :))
Haha ooo they just changed ppl! Haha wow haha I really never pay attnin class haha so many blanks!
Wat writing ?
Yalo you paid using cash or what?
Lol kk. Rest well.
VERY GOOD MY PHONE LAGGING AGAIN. I SAID OMG DO I REALLY HAVE TO WEARTHIS. HAHA I'M LATE TOO. HOW LONG FROM DILLON'S HOUSE TO ORCHARD?
Hi ms van! We managed to find replacements for the movie, two guys,is that alright? Coz tenghiang can't make it for the movie as well,but she'll be joining for dinner! Can they join us for dinner if theywant to? I think they can pay for their own!
i ll try do something
Lols if got ppl I sure go
morning honey,time to wake up and enjoy the sign okey...love you regardless to your order Mr.budi...i need time to collect it.
Ah
I need a member for a band and thought James would make a gooscandidate because he already exists
Wah the picture abit hard to edit liao.abit bo ko leng paint in details lol.its like missing quite a big chunk.haha.
Reply to karo.
Ok bro im checkin it..put wateva pictures r der dude..u dint create a contact form 4 careers..
Wot?
Lol maybe because you are cjm. XD
Anna can v search a novel and the gist of the story on the web just using the name and the author.?
Oops just saw your msg
I ask already. She say she not going so early cos she no car. Then ryan also duno coming or not. Xf not coming. I duno abt ron.
Kk
Another one.. Seriously? So many you can manage?
Huh... Thgt u registered oredi?I dunno wat will happen, try to find one lor in case...Kaiez, den cya at 1215...
No la the previous committee dont wish to do the camp, so I do eh haha.
yeiyei  miss u too! must sayang u a lot later..
hey tmr u think can end at  <#> ?i gt reunion..
Later u helping sf and candy push the stuff over?...
Waiting  <#> ...
Btw, u let me know whether can get the ebook for mno <#>  okay? Ifnot, i'll be buying the txtbk on monday. Thanks.
Nite...
Haha it's the  <#>  am dc!
Got it for sr <#>  total  <#>   <DECIMAL> %
Ok
Awww really? You at iluma le arh?
Okay lah.
No i wont
Hey sorry looks like I ll reach only by  <#> . Please go ahead.. I lljoin you ASAP
Ohh! hahaha fun!!! my bro used the com through the night and fellasleep with it on ._.
I dam awake. Now working out
hi, u working tomolo?
Yriyeiyeiyei... I juz left house leh.. ur thing end already?
Oh got chiobu? When u planning house warming
Go take kayaking? Or rock climbing course
Hi Andu' how r u? Just after mas. Did u have b'fast? Get some1 2 buy luoch. May God bles u
Haha what time your class?
Cya
Wat time ü finish?
No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
Haha well it act as a motivator to make u go for class mah in a wayit is good.... but poor thing wait u tired I xin teng again... haha oklo tml see wat we eating! I din lol must Dbl confirm wif u mah lol...
Oh... Icic... So gd, can watch movie. Wat show... K la, den pass u on wed..
can you open your hand phone
Okay! Isn't it report now LOL.
Shun git,  <#> S6A doesn't have their shirts
<<<<< <#>  do you need me to get the game of thrones episodes for you?
No ya not
Sup?
Oh.. I so long nv see him already.. he staying over tonight?
Eh... Tonite will u b meetin gen 4 dinner?
Nite
So you think you can dance.
Wah lao I give u nice greeting then say I spoil ah. Sobs. Meanie!
orh! hee coming out in 5 min
sat.collegeboard.org
If dinie plan then you confirm cannot go.
Where do u stay ah?
Hi. I'm at the 2nd floor. Cya!
Paiseh! Dun want la so bad hahaha, since I don't play I let him playlor! Haha of course! Who won't be emo after prom! Oh awesome!! I wanta coffeemaker now! Haha yeah but I haven't go for cca in a long time!
No wat color? Iolist my slippers too
U awake??
Thanks! Let me check with ms teh!
I know
Hahaha why weak! It was ok ah haha my mentor gay as usual heehee:Pgot alot of lit review to do!! Haha but should always save for rainydays! Haha my munn say my pocket money also for new clothes and stuffI want hahaha:P
Lol woo okay. I will see if i can get information on it. Heh
Lols I can go also la. Can't even giv u cheer den go wait niaz
Eh okay.
Haha because you told me before mah. I remember ;-)
Den wat u having for ur lunch? U going ikea wif me?
Haha of course!
Oh oops I realised I didn't reply the other time! Sorry! Anyway thatwas yeow xiang hahaha!
Hey alexis, this is huishan here, i think i need to give up ur project since one of my other project's client wants to expand their project. Sorry to give such a short notice!
Hey can help Eman photocopy rock climbing form?
joe,ur name rminds me of a long lost friend of mine name JOMIS.
=)*
Have a nice day my dear.
Uhh i'll get yibin for the vid but better ask him first
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Weiren's voice!!!
Xt okay?
Hahah. Okie.. love my baobao!
we have no classes from august  <#>  to september 1. hope you can make it to our beach party!
hihi! u guys still at icube?
Am at r3 lounge. Asked DB to cone here.. is empty
U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
Goooooooood n8
Always be happy
Now looking for white shirts.. gg at 4+ bah
Cheryl wil u b my valentine? MK
We watching some show at downtown. Timing are  <DECIMAL>  and  <DECIMAL>
Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
will u be meeting us later??
Paiseh mi busy wif work juz now...not v sure havin din anot tink my gang shd b goin lor...hmm will let u noe by fri can?take care ya...
Wat the? Go where??
Waaaa okay lan party!!
Haha dunno all starving! Yuki and sophie went to buy alcohol haha o.ohaha yeah my class known for last min, hw always do on the day itself!Haha hope you're coming home soon! I just solo-ed church ruins hardwith my friends watching haha then suddenly one hobgoblin appearbehind me I got shock then unglam moment when I was like omg hahaha:Pyou're tired? Sleep! Haha next time I show you!
Helo p.ple!hw r u?
I ate famous amous. Fine now.
Dun wuss!
Yo yo, Mr tired man, fabian cally on, you okay mah? HAHA
doctors did their best in the difficult surgery for Ladan n Laleh 3days spent 500k. with my E-saw separated by me only take 5 min same result.
No it's okay. I ate hotdogs.
"God so love the world that he gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John  <TIME> . Easter wishes from our family to yours.
Call me when you are up.
ll meet ü all later... Call ü when i reach...
Thks
Poooost... "HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO MY JOB ARGH" -Fakir
Lols okay lo. Bye son
Dont kick coco when he's down
Hello b-b-baby!
Under the credits right, who is yan yan rong? Walao u don't like themalso don't always mispell theif names leh. I scare the polish guy comeafter u only. Haha.
I coming down sch...i on  <#>  at nus high sch liao...
Hai.. all night fyp.. slept off in the afternoon sig. you ll be up for long?
Helo k.reen n p.ple.hw r u?care 2 chat any1?
Hey mom! just letting you know that I got back to school safely
hmm. ok. so we meet at Starbucks, i think there got internet.
Plz leav me....
Haha will be rich in the future my queen lol... Wahahahah! U all soxing you ling xi one lol... u can snack until u fat fat le
<#>  LOL
LOL WHAT THE LOL HOW FAR AWAY ARE YOU
Thank you very much, benny! Haha. But i'm still younger than u. Haha.
Look c... Buying but not so soon...
Lol lazy bumm.
K:-)ya i hav to finish
Hmm ur ht what time to what time? U eating botak Jones for dinner in orchard?
I oso dunno, or maybe can go walk walk near my house shopping mall like parkway.
I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
Eh... I throw away da hamster ar... Got ants coming...
hi mei LI, the viewing is confirmed at  <DECIMAL> pm, see u at the lift lobby. Paul - DTZ
Ohhh that's the one Johnson told us about...can you send it to me?
Sent u the mail also.
Wts we swap phones haha
No it looks like we r getting the voc principal
Hey gal... Do u wana go to e museum tmr for our assignment...
Ahh but you can only collect your own tweets. I made something tocollect tweets from others. Let me know if you need to use it
What time u all coming back ah?
t run away wat rite?
Okie... U wana a lift? Or u wan meet in sch...
Aaa held up by pw if you going tell them i'll be late
Does that mean you wont be appearing?
U got access to internet? If possible can call furuma ask nettedprice lunch/dinner wkday/wkend and uob debit card ok or not? I givingtuition. Tml maybe can go if I find 1 more person.
If i fax the article about tonsils can u give 2 anna? Text a fax number. May God bles u
Haiz... U ah... Den u not comin home 4 dinner...
Hey fri is a public hol... Can we sign up for classes in the day? And do you want to go for lessons?
When is your next break?
Ya. Gospel rally is always targeting the young. Haha.
Home le bblp
Ki re ki korchs?khaechs?kal vote.sabdhane thakis.mAtha thanda rakh..karor sthe jhamela koris na.tkcr
LOL SERIOUSLY HAHA WIFE YOU ARE SUCH A STALKER HAHA
Bye bye ^^ just when I opened the door my mum walked towards itsaying she leaving to go coffeeshop haha wow so timely! Want me tocall? (:
Waa lame she proposed break up one le. Whyshe wan break in first place
Ohh.. Really ah? Lol.. Okay..
Ha pata nhi kya scene hai. Ab mai ofc me bhi nhi hu Jo puchhu.
My planning usually stops at "find hella weed, smoke hella weed"
Cool cool, drink more water eh! :D
Ahaha! Yeah
Ok
Content not supported leh. Can type it out? Haha. Paiseh. Thanks!
Me 25 male...Chinese.Malaysian.
Hokay.
My birthday is on feb  <#>  da. .
ll be at camp for e nex 2wks.so meetin wif fion
Hey ppl...Thx 4 coming! Thou no time to entertain u all but hope u all stil enjoy it.
Going later wif mum... Yun gone for exercise...
All boys made fun of me today. Ok i have no problem. I just sent one message just for fun
Can la. Help Joel pay less for his paddle
I bout 5, 5 plus reach? Then having dinner afterwards??
K.
Hahaha omg still there? Should I come online?
Haha shihui might be going jp with me so you can Telly go off first!
Yeah, I don't have any proper questions to ask
Ps la. Get priorities 1st
No nd liao...
Nw its up2  <#> 's
wtc? Ü going? v far leh...
Hahaha go home then tweet eh.
Tell
BR <#>
<#>
Haha why sorry! Its good to sleep early (: morning!
Alright bah. :-)
Fuel cock forget turn back off...paiseh...
Sorry!
Icic!! Hehe yay I have a subway cookie
Hahaha if I dont get silver now means I gotta serve additional 2 months.
Lalala!!I wan interview u.hahaha.taking IT outsourcing and offshoring.need find <#> companies interview.lol.help mi baaaa.
No idea eh. She just told me if can dont incude her would be the best.
at seminar room 1, com1??  it's near over, but u can catch the interaction.
Ruby
Hmmm I see. My first loop is  <#> , 2nd is  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#> ,  <#>. Add to  <#>  let.
Good night
SIM:HEY! NO PROBLEM! HOW OLD U ARE?..ANGEL
Cable can jus buy one rite?
Hmm nxt week I not sure free not.
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Hey, u haven't upload the latest copy hor?
yayfound a way to nt chg date. help u do next time we meet
alot for both things
Yup... Ü still free?
Same here :)
Was sleeping cus sick. They play a lot match without reserve
Yeah at the control station! Like 5 or 6 more stops I think, lazy count:P
shukriya shukria...
i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
Ivle
Haiz forget it I tink plus waiting time also late le
Ak bat beta uski jagah tu hoti ya dusri ladki teb bhi aisa hi kerte.
Asking!!!!! Vivien dun want go, friend and sophie cmi! I'm not closeto anyone else!
OK sure.
YAY~
So did we even submit for ssef? We didn't present wad
Lol.i oso.I dun use any Sony kind of products oso cos usually they are ex.haha.but tot if the price is like almost point n shoot jiu get and learn learn like tat.
There are ways eh. About weiting right? I today go sch help to ask myclassmates, see if they know.
Yup. Where u?
that's right buffet starts at  <DECIMAL> pm to abt  <#> pm
I said half ov s1 .
I'm at work. Please call
O ic lol. Should play 9 doors sometime yo
BONUS 5
Haha^^ really? Yay! Haha show me her card sometime! I thought want toplan where to go!
s out 4 quite long liao. Haha, but wont buy it today, muz compare prices first...
Haha just walk towards the bugis junction there I shall spot you!Iluma very far! What colour are you wearing??
OH GO BUY JIN TU NIAN CI AN CHUAN BEI PI PA GAO FOR COUGH. WORKS WONDERS
I shall make sure I walk in front of him so i'm not that late:D
I can't rmbr leh. You go lol garena website see ba! I think endingwhen school reopens?
Endure bah haha. Maybe if you learn to understand her way of teachingthen it would be better? Lol
Fuuuuuckfuckfuck in sorry I'll be homem soon
Hi, tml meeting is postpone and we shall just send our work to eachother online since Marcus have a term test on Monday.
Daddy,  <DECIMAL> ...
Yeah same
Just finished reading the newspapers. Have rehearsal afterwards?
Hmmm... Okie... But i cant chat 4 long...
External hdd
my dear gal.. hw abt going jb 2 makan on 24th noon.. at least its sumting different
cl me bak
Lol i've decided to kope your  <DECIMAL> gb of ang moh songs.
Delayed again. Thing is from  <#> . Since its just the 2 of us, areyou OK if I come at 3?
Okiee!
my friends  and i  in a chat session discussing abt her  ambitious
U are cordially informd that my mobile will b switched off on  <#> th feb (valentine's day) to avoid unwanted proposals! Pls inform all girls ..! :-D
Hahaha he or she?
ll meet u all b4 yr movie la. Go walk ard k.
Wat doin
Wait so i take my bot and components and go home now rite
No problem its just gonna be an informal session..
Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?
it's alright. i'll help u see..  hmm. the ITE  courses mostly requireenglish pass. tmr we see and discuss.
Da Jie let me know if u see this msg
maybe she changed it
Hey dude, happy Onam!  :-) kinda late but better than never as they say :-)
Muah! I'm going back to mi escuela
Save 5 seats can? Try try
What time u reach?
Anytime (y) make it afternoon eh
I attended but nothing is there.
Swimming frisbee. Come fast
Yeap
Wan go earlier
Physics...
<DECIMAL>  lavender
Oh there ah. See lor, I don't really like to bike to centre, maybe take mrt.
Call me when you on the way back home.
I m in singapore on my way to far east buy the thing loh.
feelings? wensi, my sec school mates, pr. school? n now u? lousy! so u want 2 do anot?
DayshowChargersClean ovenBring bag to commencementBlanketstuffed animal
I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly & it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
K no rush
Ahhh ehhh why never give me siaaaaa. I then her loyal customer leh!!
Just send then tml see reply lo if no then tml after marketing can gole arh lol... ya lo bo pian mah lol or deduct mark again meh
Hi jiayu,  I've received the softcopy of the invoice.  Thank you!
m going down now liao, with my fren... Erm... got 64mb one? 94 is the cheapest around liao is it? y not i later go around find some more?
Megas are dying wtf pwms all wonky And i think i know what you meant by back ir lagging. It's the analog write when setting the motor speed :/
Oh my fren said go earlier cos there will b a long queue...
Shouri said OK. :-)
s okie... Thk xuhui goin... Bringin my sis along oso...
Awww dat is sweet! We can think of something to do he he! Have a nice time tonight ill probably txt u later cos im lonely :(
s eat at abc mkt. Need to go home after that. My house. I will meet you back at our place first after work? What time?
Ya?
Ya ya
Your bro?
Did u got that persons story
DATE SHEET aa gyi h tayari shuru kar do 7-Rose Day 8-Propose Day 9-Chochlate Day  <#> -Teddy Day  <#> -Promise Day  <#> -Hug Day  <#> -Kiss Day  <#> -Valentine's Day .
Haiyo! Haha yeah we are both tired! But I slept an extra half an hour!
Oops heh im not at my lappy eh. I plying mahjong XD
Ohhh I see u busy bee. U also poke back what. Haha!
Hahaha I think can bah. Im quite full now though.
:( how?
hello. just testing.
Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
5pm.lesson start already. Talk to u later:-)
Haha about 1am.
so you taking 4 mods this sem?
Yes tell me priya.
Ya.. but the yiheng nv reply.zzz
He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary
Good Morning!!! :-P
ll msg ü tomorrow-shld be aftnoon.
Want met for dinner? Or tml better? :-*
He
I sent them. Do you like?
Haha yeap:P hahaha i'm not sick unlike you! You should sleep insteadof reading manga!!! Haha okay I shall go find it ~ sleep ryan go go!!
Oh ya lor can I thought I had lesson at science. Is it at lt <#> ?
You wont come aha.
Yeah im reaching soon. Will let you know.
A cute excuse teacher: why r u late? student-mom dad were fighting.T-they were fighting,why r u late? s-one shoes was in mom's hand & one in dad's!Goodmorni:-)
Oh...but yest i went out... Cant meet u oso.. Nxt time lor, still got lotsa time..
"I really really do!"
Thanks shuling! Haha. I'll update u asap. I'm doing coding now.
I dont know. The bus refuse to come.
Wtf ur bday  <#>  may la Noob! I dun tink can la..
Good night sweet dreams
Hey. Thanks. I've got it working i think. Haha. No worries. But theni can't add in masterpage for creation of products. If i do, it won'twork. Let u all see tml. I'll upload soon. Maybe u can have a look. Ithink it'll be good to have a feature that allows user to upload theirprofile photo too. Haha. But it's not a must. Don't worry, i'm notasking u to implement. Haha.
5 reasons y i lyk U 5-ur smile 4-ur behaviour 3-ur jollytype 2-ur caring 1-njan parayunnathu kallamannennu arinjittum ithu vaayikkanulla aa valiya manasum.gudnt
Joey: Chi f,fr sabah.
Thanks!
Lols why need me plan? I cant smthing on 2moro
You can call me now (:
Continuing after exams I guess. It's about identifying gene targetsof a mirna during injury.
Wow. Its going up fast.. and we don't know who IA voti
ve moved to my fav hunt... Soc...
Miss u
Anything eh. I just finish movie only.
"Within every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
Dear Customer, .your account has been recharged with Rs . <#> , Amount payable is Rs <#>  Thank you.Reliance
Will be late cos overslept.lol.but I bringing DVD to burn as compensation.lol.
Lol just reach central forum bus stop.muahaha.
Okay.
Yeah right!!!!!!!
THAT DOES NOT WORK.
Alive and kicking
hihi...long time no see..how are u.?
Lol nope. I let her know about it.
Haha chey I thought you interested to join me. :-(
Sister
Probably not eh. Call jason eh.
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
Sure i can shop also. Or u wan call darren also can haha... But ur sis how?
Hi Erwin,  my email address is  <EMAIL> .  we're looking for a loanof  <#> k ( <#> % of property price of  <DECIMAL> m) for  <#>  years(I'm  <#>  years old). thanks!
Okay.
Bout 2
K
7 lor... Change 2 suntec... Wat time u coming?
er, gd qn.  <#>  plus? u going out tmr?
Went outside:)now only came home:-)wait i will check and tell:)
Anpitkum, Pasathitkum uriya, Enathu Ugirilum Melana, NANPARKALE..!URAVENARKALE..! Ungal Anaivarukum Enathu E?‘IYA PUTHANDU N?…LVALTHUKAL. Anpudan - Sugi :-)
Hi is it Nikhil? Sorry for asking, recently I lost my contatcts, if so kindly text me, else sorry for the msg..
Ohh ps I fell asleep! Ohhok so tues what time!:D I might have to gosch awhile in the morning but it's totally unconfirmed now!
What doing?
Hey CoA u got the guidelines?
Settle there lo hahaha
Hey Yi Zhe,how are you doing? Do come for our concert Sunday Eve ifyou are free.. we are trying some pretty interesting stuff with scaleshifts and all.. I think you ll be able to appreciate :-)
Chem lab
<#>
Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult.. Gud nte.:-
re rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
Yeah! I'm gonna eat really fast and text you after class. Love you!
u outside ? haha.
Bus. Taking  <#>
Hehe. Okok. Talk to u soon. Slp early!
Can!!  Nw at kranji only
They aren't
A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil; but itneeds a little mulch of letters and phone calls and small, sillypresents every so often   just to save it from drying out completely.
Haha your pirates of carribbean also completed le. Still got what youwant to watch.
Haha you can make your way down now.
??????
Daddy later u what time come?
wanna go swimming?
Dar my mama cook for me. I eat bit first. Come out i tel u
S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
So how are you
we have gone for a boat ride @ lake Naivasha.if we disappea knw wea to start the search..
A girl msgd 2 her boyfrnd:-If u r slpin snd me ur dream
Nothx.
Kallang area
<EMAIL>
Luckily I don't wanna be a Farsi scholar =P
Waaa Guinea pig sia! I end at 7 lol
Oic. Haha. Great! $ <#>  coming your way! All e best and good luck!
Like afternoony?
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
I leaving at 8.45...
Yeah nw,doing,proj
Why le?
U female, may i know ur handphone number
Hey, i ask u 1st.ur intro,x2 plszz
Okie. See you at 12 then.
Looks like u successfully infected me
Yea lols cya
Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must.
Lol awesome. No need tweet riao.
I'll not present in presentation.
ve gotta meet up for coffee soon..All 5 of us in 3 diff schs..Probably on weekends..Ü tkè care k?
Lucky ka numbr msg kar na
am coming
Yea quite busy...
K de :-) hopefully i'll reach for roll call... :-(
Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
?
Yeah I know that of cus.. Will get into trouble if I do so.
I can take you at like noon
Aight that's good
what is she doing??
Hi, Mobile no.  <#>  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
which one?
Okay =D yaaaaayyyyy I'm super excited
good night to one and all of my friends have a sweet dreams take care
Best cosmetics in life -TRUTH for LIPS, CONFIDENCE for EYES, CHARITY for HANDS, SMILE for FACE, LOVE for HEART. Use them well & make LIFE MORE BEAUTIFUL.
Laxmi Ji Har Rat Chand Ban K Aaye , Din Ka Ujala Shaan Ban K Aaye , Kabhi Dur Na Ho Apke Chehre Se Hnsi , Ye Diwali Aisi Mehmaan Bn K Aye Happy Diwali fr0m- sunder das kriplani
Just bring yourself can le lah. We've to film e sustainability partfor our video. Gaowei has an idea which requires a few people. Willelaborate to u tml. Okay? Haha.
Ok, then I will try to get back to u before 1200 tommorow.thank you and gud nite =)
Yeah, probably here for a while
Hi bored, im leo. I have nothing to do as well.
hello buddy how is your health
Hey happy birthday da!
K
I told dat other program is done by u
Lol quite late 3+ lol.. so shiok arh lol then how u feeling todaylol... lol but u noe Korean le arh so not far le if u take lol
Omg SORRY I JUST SAW THIS!! How now:OOOOO
Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  <#>
Good nit & good luck with the assignmnt
Nope...not 4 me atleast sweetheart
Msg me when you get down at check post:-)
I'm okay, I think. Although I'm craving for xiao long bao buffet.
Many thanks. God Bless you
Haha yeap fun!! (: haha yeah I guess all the Singaporeans more orless know before we went le haha! Haha yeah and the rest like justcurious haha! yeap yeap must be really nice and special!! (: I dunwanna go cp today):
U still in lecture?
Oo.. u wan me to help u open the letter ma? or u open urself tmr?
Hi roy! Can u give me ur tel no? Call me 0166305681 ok?
Hahas okay thks
Haha yea I wanna sleep but writing is so tiresome:P nope I'm not!Haha apparently they gonna hold classes aft sch exams for As ._. Hahahow did you know I was distracted by music XD
ya, coz she started work earlier. when are we meeting??? i alsostarting school soon..
Any work?
Think shuhui going sch ard 4plus 5. If u wan a ride from her u go settle w her.
ok.tats good, cya then babe!
Sure what's up? (Though I have to say <name> knows that one more thanme so sorry if I suck)
A question in new kerala syllabus on cherthala as mukya mantri,pradhirodha mantri and external affairs mantri are from cherthala.Question is in essay section-what is the difference between Vayalar kavala and thanki kavala.explain in not less han  <#>  words.revert with answer to pareekshabhavan.u can win a chakiri naaru from Mr.CM.
Timee..?
Hi
araha ho
U appear offline ar..
I think don't need to do... it's too simple liao...
Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
M Gud. Wht abt u?
Ya. Saw it. Haha. That's good. Can get more help. Haha.
Not so much constantly, but in random spurts throughout the day.
Actually if you're free at home now why don't i go over to etch since got transparencies
I not sure le. The last time got pyramid ting there
Uh huh of cus. You still got rehearsal?
Thks!
7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
Whoa I drop half a pellet leh. Good lor,the snails got move or not?
merry christmas.. take care of urself ya
In PGP?
Going back soon?
Call back
Yo theres no class tmrw right?
Yea going hm soon. U le?
I dun tink so..when issit?saw jialin today wif some hc pp..hey u wanna watch twins effects?
Hi, I'm interested in knowing about your advertised Villa Verde unit.Can you tell me the house number and street, and approx built in area?Thank you, Min
Oh no!
Can you pls send me that company name. In saibaba colany
Okay will do
Oh.busy ah?
The dr rooms at com2 leh?
Baobao u!! Go Sayang ur parents more. Hee. Bao bao more
we knock the door and hehehe
Lies all lies
Sonay se pehle loud karo ga na oe. Alarm lga lia hai
Chinese eng? nvr hear before leh.but i dun mind tomorrow 650 for movies heh-
Mhmm! Got another!
I can play Water Buffaloes!
m on the way...
Ok ar, nu plan?
Yoo silly! Luv ya much, lil sis.
Hahaha shouldnt be a problem bah
Can i get your opinion on something first?
Wat u gonna do later
Hi, this is my new Etisalat number. Mahanil (Eticom)
Ummmmah
Yup. Lols why?
Woots! Take care!
Ohh ok(:
Anyone free today?Wanna go ecp?or expo?
Hey ger free tomorrow?wana cheong?
Lols tts insane. Dun try we will fall.
Oh kay sure np
Now I say lo miss eu.dipx dipx~~~ where got always bluff u I si trueto u lol... haha sit there wait for bus also can use arh
Cafe Iguana #01-03 Riverside point  30 merchant road. Tel: 6236 1275
Yo! I n hui fang going john little sale at expo this late afternoon... Wanna come?
Hey 2moro till wat time
I took a copy of the module outline for you le, so you dun need to take when you come to Lt..
Thanks a lot. By the way, Feel free to ask me any questions.
Will be quite late. Daddy fetching?
Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee...
Senthil group company Apnt 5pm.
S..
The paragraph one just write a short intro of the BoA accting sysinstead of mentioning its failure.
I don't particularly have Passion. Plus not good at anything too. Denjus wanna train and play. End up train halfway always got prob nidstop. Zzz jus nid to pick myself up agn
I 2moro with family. Mon nid go grandpa grave. Tues got project...
Mofo. This time its me
Wanna have tian ji zhou tonight??
Wat didnt tell
Haha I don't postpone one. Nobody go eugene and I will still go. Uwant another one then go organise.
now liao-- cedes wat time were ü there? Is she still there?
Hahahaha I didnt had a chance to ask you about it. What's an insurance exam'
Hi friends we meet tmr morn k? Izzati not free!
And also alu
Yes.
Can. Haha. Thanks.
Hey.. steffi and i outside comp club room now(near biz canteen) wantcome over?
Wat?
I lub u my yei yei today so happy hee
Kindly send the mail to  <EMAIL> . . .  <EMAIL>  . . .
Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
What is drange?
Dear ah.. I love you so much!! Hee. Remember to. Res
Pls dont forget to study
Hahaha hopefully! Hahaha I failed the emceeing thing! Hahaha really?I didn't know haha:P meeting for council level stuff, my friends allstill dunno yet coz we got alot of experience of the tchrs asking usto buy book in the end dun need to use haha._.
I've made a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm liao.
India have to take lead:)
Great timing thank you! I ll reach in  <#>  mins. Will call.
So u taking BSP <#> ?
From kch
Ok yay great
Someone ate my too... imma wearing Nobel. U wan fibo?
No, it's  <#> ! Haha. Okay! Thanks.
I think it will do him good
Coa. Stresseddddddd
U desrv it.
Think no need. Haha thanks
free now?
Nah taking  <#>  lol I just now go ubi renew pdl then go tamp lol
Okay if I go time. If not u help me ask?
ll get caught at e mrt station lor.
testing
Kaobei siaz. I'M disappoint
Ooo ..na Huang shang ah.. yi hua Yuan Hao guang ma?
chou chou!! show finish alr?
Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
bhujteperechi, rongo korchilam jate na bhoje. ha kore takiya ache - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Hey so Friday wad time? The rest wanna know
Yeah i guess so.
Ok Andreu,i just rang. Entirely fopot ur cias. Have a nice day. May God bles u. Bye
I did when I sent the thing s saying we weren't staying. You guyssaid my address at home was fine since you wouldn't be home to get it
definitely enjoyed!
Sianz. Den may I dun go Lo. Btw Thursday Fri no sch meh
Bout 6
god bless you
Leaving now..   <#>  mins order for me.
Hmmmm ok.
Hahaha..
Havent, only reach clementi mrt station... Think i am goinjg to be late... U reach le?
Ind m 31
Hi niny how r ü.care to intro pls...
Hahaha Sunday ah.time and place u let me noe again.lol.
Hah... prob is cannot what.. the 3 of them stick together foreverything de..so, wat choice do we have now
"P.s. chris, I'm glad you didn't die. Seriously."
Yooo happy fathers day Andy! =)
Gud..  <#>  more eps left
Posts delivered?
WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
Ok (:
Is that seriously how you spell his name?
THAT IS OBVIOUSLY NOT ME
I know! Last time they cut off the internet the day I got paid. I really need to start playing the lotto.
Hapy chldrns day br0..
Hahaha okay okay:P dun worry! I dun like being black still): going out soon?
Me goin there next week . 'll be there fa the whole week :-).
We outside emicakes...
Quote 4 LIFTo Be Followed Till Last Breath: "Unless u Speak From Heart You Can''t Touch Anyone''s HEART >
Why?
Hahah can! Where's the place?
Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL
Wat time quick
Ricky, can you schedule a general house cleaning any day beforeMonday for us?  Also, when your guys come can you make sure they closeall the doors?  Yesterday we saw that they also didn't close the glassdoor properly.  Thanks!
ok.
Ok
Imma going sentosa now. Bout 9 plus come back
Call me when you get the chance plz <3
I shared the doc with you yesterday?
Daaaayum! I've been sleeping hahahah
Now also r u like ur x
Hi,cy.location,age,gender pls
Going to eat dinner soon le. Thanks.
no, i went to school..
Ya lo lol dunno lah.. business de milkshake also dun have ice blendedarh... wa change so fast again lol... why me??? I Sunday also din meetu
heeee. i love u from the bottom of bum bum. smiling like dumdum alr.
Ok babe, i'll see you at  <TIME>  i love ya
Hi, i finish with your website, except for the home page
Yes michelle! Do you have the 4 names ready?
I came *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
ve class the whole afternoon until 930. This is the makeup lecture. Can you come on Sat?
Yup im home. Okay thanks.
Hahaha have you entered your dreamlands already lol.
Alright! Jiayou eh, good luck!
Are aunti , uncle seb khole he , tai jaldi aa to.
Wombat and pink are... Jia yin i dunno...
Ic. There are a lotta childporn cars then.
m w my bf now... Y muz get somewhere quiet... U r weird today...
ll meet in class liao...
Hahha okay!
Time and venue??
Hey how are you? where have you been lately? haven't heard from you for a while! i everything ok? :-(
Yeah damn cool! Hahaha ooo maybe same thing!
Im on  <#>  to market.
Well to be fair I'm sure it'll be more reliable at least xP
Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
I also thought so. Then u still bringing clothes? U wearing shorts?
If i pass the evaluation then book lor. Tmr we meet at 11 ?
Wait, so you guys are planning to come over to my place?
Later 9pm at usual place!
ve sent all the information details to your email. Pls kindly check ur email k?
Downld frm www.fiveyearpk.com
Yup I knew it...you're nuts
de de, wat time coming back?
Hey chuying , Sry I will not be able to make it. told the tutor I'dmakeup my tutorial tmr
yeh loh...u can ask him tml lah hehe
Ok. But i finish at 6.
Haha. Who send u de?
Hi.
<#>
The schwa will wanna quarantine the first c cluster it sees... so itbreaks thr first c off first going r-l
Thks okay
Where are you?
Are reached home? i am in 852 bus already remember to take your dinner.
Kali kites sabo jabi neki?
zepol hi care 2 chat wif me?intro
u r more naggin thn my mum... ok, but i still hav to do my proj rite. how i wish i can go home now.. thn u goin alone ah? Ur bil1 not goin wf u?
I know! That would be sooo nice right now
Pakka
till one
Sardar jung se wapas aaya aur khirki pe udass baith gayaBiwi ka Sex ko  dil kya..Biwi aayi aur dupatta gira ke boli dekho hawa ne mera kya uda diya..Sardar chup..Phir kurta nikala aur boli dekho hawa ne mera kya uda diya..Sardar chup..Phir Salwar utari aur boli, dekho hawa ne mera kya uda diya..Sardar gusse mein bola - meri dhoti utha aur dekh bomb ne mera kya uda diya
Maybe, I have to go to the post office
Resend me. I didn't receive
No doubt its you
Xt say she ok to play after work. Now left one more person. She endwork @ 5pm.
I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
Ur birthday today? Haha. I just started not long ago. 1page only.Lol.y want pics? Put there to take space lol
Best of luck for your exam.
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
m leavin on fri, dun miz me ah..
where 2 mt.. love Pete
Neh probably no. Only seen red eared sliders here. Watching Breaking Bad. You?
Everything actl:x I did 2 suibi haha
eileen said maybe we mit up n go buy 2gether
Okay! It didn't help that my phone was lagging damn bad yesterday too._. Wow I think I can be really uncontactable sia!
Haha I'll reply less de haha, can I jio you for dinner? Mytoiletmates went out and my roommate not coming back directly so Idon't know when she eating!
Yeah  now mrt
Networking job is there.
Hahaha what! don't you have the conv thing!! OMG ACE IS DAMN FUNNY HAHAHA
Ok
Wer r u? Rply me I m cmng n bke..
s free time on sat.  so yun shall we have breakfast or lunch?ñ suggestions?
Was. Until I think some people cant make it. So what you wanna do?
Why is princess tutu so sad???!
Hmm ok
Hello hehap!!!!! Hahaha I bet you are a happy boy now!
Lol, well good morning and see you in the night :)
Hahaha I realised  <#>  passed without incident! Lame!!! Haha yeahwhen no one ard he will! Damn stinky now, abit headache haha! Wow isit!! Sian!!! I wanna see stars! Hahaha okay (: (: see stars in Japan!Reached jurong le!
Haha because got you that's why I read ma. Ok wait that doesn't makesense ahaha. Ya I wish I really gained  <#> kg though
Swami sharanam.kettu murukki so now started.
Hahahaha im so sorry! My bus still snailing on pie.
Safra lo. Swim where
Wat time e post office close? I wan to renew my pdl lor...
Going to hav breakfast..
Ng Wei Cheng Truman <DATE> <#> <#>  Mariam walk2 star kayakingSmall sizeNo medical conditionNot sure blood typeRicky Ng thiam hockDad ( <#> ) <#> <#>  Mariam walkThanks!
Dots.east side like Seng kang or hougang wat.
Haha morning I might need to go down bugis buy stuff, afternoon gotcluster outing then night got council prep for the next day><
Haha ps!! It's coz i'm shy and idk what to do! >< haha oh how diff??
Ok
She at home now, must c trm result to koe whether need to hospitalise or not. She actually been sick 4 a few days liao. Yah we sharing total $135
Haha sorry if it sounded like I was zao-ing haha I really needed togo toilet! Later remind me tell you about them! What did jaryl andchua do??
Man you're gonna be in college soon, that's crazy
Der
Psalm  <#> . Praise be to God.
Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
can lend me yr discount card?
Lock the list got?
Hey weiyi... U goin pubbin w mich tmr, she keep askin me to go leh...
Haha! Must help me ah:P oh haha omg dun jio everyone! very hard tocoordinate de hehe:P
Hahaha yeah
Lol I try eh. I need to stop spending for  <#>  weeks leh.
Love has one law; Make happy the person you love. In the same way friendship has one law; Never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... Gud night
Lol still got control tower leh dey. Not all nsf get to fly planes.Maybe some can wash the plane also eh. XD
Me too
The search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! Accept life the way it comes! U will find happiness in every moment u live.
Lol its wad the joker said
How is wk today?
Working mah
LOL okay!! Cya!!
Good idea haha... or we wait till at night they sleep then do ithaha! Let them feel wat is it like to lack of sleep lol... lol hope mymath also liddat lo T.T...
Same stop lol
Hmm ok.we go ecp when ür back. n.n
Well we COULD have hung out, but you ignored me =P
Why u pulled it in the morning?!
Dun hand in chem!
Hmmm perhaps
Lol you only lo. I can help her collect tickets.
Any year now
I went home. They not there meh
Yeah.. well I'm gonna make sure to drink and I'm eating
Lol you are not dropping hints to me right? Hahahahaha
Hey nat.. Long time no hear.. How r u?
Dunno but they say it starts today!
Of course. thanks
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Jp2 b1!
Nvr sign? Come sch print
Yup damn right. :D
Hey whens the earliest you can transfer $ <#>  to me?
Hahaha apparently the moon in minecraft is no longer round!
Hahaha! Yea..
Okk... I'll try... I didn't use the zone though...
ok, see you there. thanks a lot.
Okay where?
Oh noe u are rite! Lols
Mam matipanga de...she asked no one to be in the class
Have u reached?
Bus stop
OK :)
Did you order the pizza already?  Will be back around 8
Ahhh I'm around bugis area. Meet at sim lim near the lifts?
Hahahaha anyhow eat la lol. Or you want you can get steamboat.
Just ordered beef steak to make myself happy hee. But hor I miss ulei.  Muusck
Hahaha thanks! What about your friends?
dimples4bee
TFT screen only, TOSHIBA got good quaility, but u must get those not make by china and malaysia, u buying or 4 yuni?
Oh right! HTHS!!!!!!!!!!
hee ^O^ yep. bblg also!
Yay!! :-) all the best for tomorrow!! It ll be the best show nusindian dance has produced! See you! :-* And noted about the tickets.
Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld & they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:"if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence..
S also. Thks a lot man
Is Joel in the room
did u try the one in sheraton?it is cantonese stlye, light.
Haha ehh omg I didn't see your super long ago msg! Haha I heard alotof high distinction! Goodness I had land training now we all stinklike mad!
perfectttt
Sorry i'm a pig:D
Thankyou thanku
We meet  <DECIMAL>  at that shop eh.
wat time u going back tonight? den go back w u, catch free ride..
Hahaha I wont mind ^^
chapter 5 kahan tak ha?
Hmmm okay. Got receipt or sticker? When can we deal?
t do the project watever w/o u? or else 2molo I also not submitting the project liao? please? bu yao nan guo la?
are you very busy? i have something want talk to you
Hi I m still in Singapore!
Amway order  <#>  n  <#> .
LOL. Tell them to play scissors paper stone!
hmm.. okok.. if can u put links to the pictures there also? easier for us too.
Yayaya*
IT  <#> ?
Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake & sayin Bite me, bite me.
Yup next stop.
Don't go ss tutorial la. Pk there mah, somemore qns same what.
I dun have any lobang.... Thgt u workin in bank...
In da car park
Then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... U asshole..................
well not like she really into being an engineer...
Haha. That day tt shop? With the black one?
Rum
Take care. I love you. Mawwwww
Haha I just received this): haha waiting for  <#>  now! Hahaha jyjy!!Prom won't be so bad!
Hey. Johns mother has passed away *SLvsIND starts  <#> Nov!Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> .Cond apply*
Are you angry with meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
No..
Have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message, i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. Have a great morning
Lol
Yup you all meeting what time?
I don't know. He said soup but I didn't really see soup stuff
Lols cook it. Eh this sj no hmwk?
Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
Yeap!
Anything eh you decide.
Oh yuck =(
Haha you wait an hour plus more eh I will be home real soon.
Gross =P
yo yo, send again lor.
Deadline is supposed to train back wat. U go gym urself?
Thx bro, really appreciate it =)
halo every 1 who want to chat wif me?
Kya hua?
You are back in sg?
Well I mean theres the parents to work around.
Hi...how r u??
Would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
hahahaha.. then wat r u waiting for
AOR m/f
Oh, shucks! I would love to join ü in town, but unfortunately im meeting my family for dinner now...  :(  anyway, where r ü now?
ll be quite late...Dun feel like going so 4 lect early...Haha
O ya nvr plyd that.
Yup. I think the elders are split la. Some want to get more young pplno matter the 'cost'
Will be 15 min late
Yup you need the utilities.
No! I have apple bread yay!!!
Honey bbq and chris wants either hot or hot bbq... and if you wannaask fot mild too I'll accept that =P
Any idea where to meet later?
Not substantially
Yeah. Gonna workout my shoulders cus I believe it will help tone my arm even further. And I have really weak shoulders cus I never trained them.
I've gone to a lot of churches before for a lot of religions. Someare fucking nuts, others are just people who believe in an entity andalso known facts
Eric update?
I thought it was only for  <#>  hrs in advance?
Yes, I did. We were checking with the sensors and I don't think theyare the correct sizes for the them.
Haha true true! Hmm yeah hopefully!! Punch lor:P whatcha doing now! Ijust reached the cc!
LOL MAYBE COZ YOU'RE NOT LATE? Idk haha ask nia?
Hi, Anusu Deen( <#> ) added u as a contact to his SMS phonebook on Indyarocks.com. If stranger to stop receiving sms from him visit dnd.indyarocks.com
Sorry I was in lesson. Yes I do give tuition for jc physics n maths,but I prefer to teach physics alone. May I know where you stay?
Den yw how? Where u now
Eh tru texting you with my phone LOL
oh OK sure... thanks! :-) you staying in PGP?
I sitting outside the office area.
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
Ok u driving ah? Send me leh, from school. .
Doing project w frens lor.
OHH I DIDN'T SEE YOUR LAST SMS. LOL YEAH I'M WEARING RED AND WHITE.
oh also U born in which year? Thks
m tryin to control my diet now... Take care too, drag u out to talk today, fun rite... Gee... I oso wana slp liao... Nitez, muack...
Dear.... Miss you.
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPRCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#> . WPB is<#> . As of  <DECIMAL> pm from teck ghee cc.
Cool. I should reach in  <#>
so what modules did u bid for in the end?
Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are..... gud nun....tc urs Abhi - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late...
Okay sure!
m in town lor... Haha, juz now tis toni and guy approach us give us free haircut tmr or fri... U wan to cut?
Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
Haha how expensive?  <#> ?
Machan results ehema ada denawaluda?nila
you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
How s the situation? What s in blood report? U at home?
hi ppl, let's meet com2 # <#>
He said some projects will be shared. Hopefully its not ours. Gotinterview too jus do properly na shld be okay
Haha okay. I will go home after 3pm then mert you again :-D
Hihi, are you going yam?
Sis! Are you coming later?
Dunno jus asked u nia. 2moro staying over
<DECIMAL> % dan
Hee no need. Faster bao bao me
ll make u fat hee... OK lar i dun say anything let my dad cook as much as he likes.
The nus high one?
Walking..
Okay can! Thanks thanks (: ask then fill in the form, they pay  <#>bucks deposit right? Anyth else?
:-(
m at sci lib.. U leh?
hey,sorry 4 disturbing ü at diz time..I really need ur help..But only If ü r not busy,if ü dun mind,if ü can n if its not disturbing ü,pls erase this sms!
Okay noted.
I last week went gym 3 times then today kayaker till dean tired le lols
Wake up already. On my way there. I did not call them because i overslept.
Lol sure sure
You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
Harsh
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
Antsy I meant.
Ps._.that's not me!! Haha he like to mess ard with you._. Omg Joel islike some businessman hahaha
U 2.
LOL yes it's scary! Hahaha what which one I don't remember! I HAVESTH AT 2 TOO LOL, and isn't it the same thing LOL.
OK, Kop kun kap
Oh sorry....I cant make it :)
It says the green line to Santee =o
It's ok
Can we meet after our class?
U jus wake up ah? Now then scold me. Dont test how i know u so zhong se qing you. Ü
No. But we'll do medical missions to nigeria
Omg my mom is terrible. She just called and asked where I used to work and when I told her she said dam now I owe your aunt money.
Okay. Thanks.
I'm waking when you're still up xP
Dun nid
you going online :?
Thks
Awesome thank you! I'll leave here in like ten minutes. Tell Shevawn                              I said hi!
Eh so tml u okay with going sch at  <#> ? If not I just go la.
No lah just now also too late le lol pass 5pm le... haha just go eatthose zhi char de noodles they order dry hor fun, mee goreng all thoseNomnomnom! Wa then wo bu shi chi ruan fan lol
I coming now.
Thks alot!
LOL. you all ah!!! Tsk tsk:P
Uhh you can do it?
No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
happy journey bye
Sorry, I'll call later meeting
Lost. Tell me the main things
Not comin
I can pass u the stuff if u come online now.
Haha icic! Yeap waiting for my parents to come back! I just reachedhome! Can call if you want, i'm bored! Haha is it free for you toreceive mms??
Wow. Not bad at all man
Nothing dear
Orientation camp...At sentosa...1st jul cacs2003.cjb.net
Then maybe early will be good lor. But I think that place is quite far away. Troublesome to get there. Back from dinner.
Mick, go to die
It's okay me too haha:x
Messages I mean
Which bus shall I take? where to stop? you still stay in the same hall and room?
Eh my jc frens wont be coming, got seats for 2 more person, u gotfrens who wanna go?
No I'm <#> . If you were <#> it would have been no bueno
Good now we can get in the shower!
How's anjola now oh.
I will try my best of my ability, mr tan.
Okay you might reach b4 I do though
Hv n awesome dinner sweety! And ur mouse is with me hee
hey,next sat there is a party at embassy.25bucks presale..ü wanna go?
Hey thanks! happy Diwali to you too! :-)
You are not followin it so i left
T.T go retain!!!!!
But still got another lady named jacinth, talking about what projects to do.
Did you stitch his trouser
What time will you reach? No lunch here.  Hungry... Can you grab me a sandwich?
House owner name no  <#> ,my friend nandhu no  <#> ...
I slowly go physics at mpsh
Woot... I am booking tonight u can give me by tonight or not?
Haha, be there soon
Okay noted.
Still eating. Got free mcflurry. U leh, going back liao.
His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
On my way home...
Wah so fast ar, i sit down backside not hot yet. Com1 loh. Whereshall i meet u all?
Ktv tomorrow 11 - 6?
Darn I feel sick. I'll skip today :s
Lols thks!
Did you know that more than  <#>  million people in the United States have Rosacea? :)
No prob la...i tink xmas tat day i might be free...confirm with uagain too...send my regards to qj rq and tyh...long time no seethem...haha...
Best line said in Love: . "I will wait till the day I can forget u Or The day u realize that u cannot forget me."... Gn
Ok d whle c s cming gve ur dip bk to her d i need to take xerox
Auto. Sayang dum dum. Lab gt break ma? Later u try to grab some foodbefore lab k
Haha u going cip?
Yup it is! You need to rest more tonight! Should I wear slippers or heels?
Oh... Ok, thgt u wan to take note of ur student cos of sars...
Hey hey hey, later I going sheng shiong, got anything need me help buy??
Then what do you feel like doing?
Nay, just stayed out at the beach to watch sunrise. Hehe.. you enjoy yourself. :)
He'll bring you here or some get you?
Wahahaha. Okay. Steady.
Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
paiseh.. ben woke me up late.haha
Submitted software. Only:-)  I send u?
Goodnight and sleep tight! *hug*
ANGELAAAAA
Still waiting on that text...
FON hi female or male there?
DUN take acct! hehe.think management not bad
Or when u send u msg me. Thought  of going tomw early aft noon... Hee like a bit kiasu like t.
Yup cya
わかりました。どうも。
<#>
Hahah I didnt do much though, but if it's of help, im glad too.
Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
Hi recouped, online if you still fancy a natter
Hey xy, how is it? U redo the create, edit n delete or use mine n debug?
Subsidy? For the module? o.O
They are going to give me a duty
Shouldn't be a problem, maybe about 8plus?
I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
s 3251?
Imma there alr
Can u see me online?
ll be driving tmr so see whether u want to drive..
We'll join the  <#>  bus
Blanket ps! I wanted to give you morning call:P looks like you'reearlier! Yeah I was taking about Melvin ._. haha ahh omg I wanted tosay that too when I woke up last night but I totally blanked out!Happy one month (:
Dun need its okay de!
s birthday? You go check with her k?
No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
No need rush le. Jason not playing.
Lol.wan discuss presentation.u bo other pple there to ask look after meh.
Hahaha that's great... do those people actually think they're linguists?
If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
<#>  from?? Haha
Oh no
Lol nice!!! (: hahaha nope!! Changed le!
m walking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
Good! There is hope for this world!
Oki! Bblg also! Get home safe!
Kk 5 mins
Ahh Friday is fine too. Shaf suggested wed since it's our free days!
Actually does the different part fit together nicely? I think there might be some areas where we haven cover.
Mohit, pls come soon.
Nooo how can you not go for your appointment?
Cutefrnd
ITS SO RANDOM
ha
Ok i told him next time c u can say hi 2 u, u can do t 2 haha....
Oh.  the soccer is at 830... think  can go for the photog meeting...
hmmm? wat talk is tat?
Yeah wana save n stinge... We shall eat smting good.Got earlier i knock off at 5pm leh,sure reach b4 530pm
Huh no la. But it's like so troublesome.
I'm dropping by school before ssc, will take everything useful
Where?
Have to put the .apk into some android folder on the com. I thinkit's called tools I tink
Hello pple happy prosperous new yr. May you enjoy good health n wealth this yr. Dun eat too much n see u all soon. Take care. Elaine
Muahahaha I bought my shoes at pedro :-D
I will guard my chl with my life.
I cover the blanket and sleep then he pull of one post that's likecovering my ass then he's like, "oops!" ._. Wth... Anyway I woke upvery cold and finding out that they opened alot of Bacardis to drinko.o sleep well! I decided it's too cold for me after walking one roundaft the room shivering like mad do I'm hiding under the blanket. YucksMelvin just leaned on my feet><
Wahhh just now you said okay de. Lol now we all bored to death le
=) man I'm sad I wanted to hang out with people but I couldn't find anyone =(
hmm. so far.. next time ba.haha..
So? Just means hr saw me for 2 hours a week in the entire year, andonly hear me talk for half an hour. Hahaha ohh come change gender,then crash my cluster outing! hahaha noo I didn't dare to!
Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
Now at downtown on my way home now
Haha alright^^ yay haha yeah chinese is over!!!
Haha oh wells then! At least got good grade!
Ohh is it:D go sleep lah!! i'm trying to go fb from my phone hahasuper failing!
I dunno! Faster come
Hi carè to chat
You and shwetha
LOL never mind then. Let me sacrifice for the good of mankind.
Hey you done with your lect yet?
Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
Miserable. They don't tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first 2 months. I didn't sleep at all last night.
I'm on my way from orchard by bus... dunno if will reach early butwill let you know
Yeah... us time though. But dunno if it's midnight or not
Ya go get hack for level 6! Single player normal also v hard kill boss
Lol ok la then I oso dun go.haha.u la bad influence.hahaha.
Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
Oversleptr, just wake up onli, might just skip lecture ><
What very cute:D hahaha really!! So young!? Maybe they will think i'mp6! hahaha       omg so cute why need partner one!!
Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow.
Wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
HAPPY NEW YEAR, PULL YOUR EAR! XD! May  <#>  be loads of fun andlaughter! HAPPY HAPPY TWO ZERO ONE ONE!!
Haha maybe I would meet him in ns instead. XD
m worried abt my hair leh
i ask them c how den confirm wif u k..
s a master student.
Ya 3rd
Ah ger, pls make up ur mind hor... Muz b ur bf cant mt u on thurs rite...
Bhai dhanteras pe
Haha easier to go sch mah XD
Andrew i found it.U dnt need 2 wory.Thanks *WIN Exciting prizes when u buy Comfort! Now @supermarkets*
Just now i heard thunder but e sky still looks ok. Hee.. If really rain den i no need to run liao, i also lazy but no choice have to force myself to run.
Got on train?
chap 7 or 8 ke koun se topics hain?
Ok... Sweet dreams...
K
You there
Yep. I not bringing my laptop... We haven decide on the video yet le
HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCY
还没问他们. Kaixin and yinhui said she can help last time.
Which part of msia r u frm?
She is ok dear
halo every 1 who want to chat wif me?
k
How come?
OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)
I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
Good... Orchard road asking for donations
Hmmmm let's seee wed afternoon then?
Typo! Waa someone excited bout 2moro eh
I dunno eh...
Ya.
I thinking maybe we dun focus totally on privacy.. coz some of theissues we thought of like not unique to cloud computing.
Lols kk
when shall I go ah? afternoon can?
I want to exercise... Hey maybe we can go sign up for one mth kb or sth...
my new mobile no.  <#> xxxxxx <#>  please save this.
Ahahha alright meet my house 6pm. 我老母叫你和她一起大搭cab.
Telemarketin ah... Diff to do anot? Thgt u quite happy w ur telemarketin one... Eh u wan work at cafe cartel?Gee...
What was she looking for?
Lols go up and find?
Okay. Thanks!
R U AT THE PRAYER MEETNG?
Haha maybe! Ahh haha no no at least you thought of using them, Iwon't de! I understand eryi I don't use de haha! I see him at everycca session!._. Haha I dun think ms lee will pick my class, she willmore likely take  <#>  or  <#>  than my class haha. He did, that's whyhe let me retest sbj, but he never record correctly! Just started hahaI dun want to study liao! What the entire day today my phone keepreceiving sms late now my keyboard keep glitching! haha what did Koreabecome?
HAHAHA yeah got if you want sports shoe. Lol go orchard see see firsteh. So much time to walk haha.
Jilat??? I talked to timo until 4 too7
K tmrw u don forgt 2 remembr me
Morning...Anyone wanna gai gai b4 miting at 6 later?
LOL how?!
U all catch already eating??
Hmm.. today and tmr u gt go ys? If yes wat time?
LOL OMG HAHAHA HOW DID HE BUT THEM HAHAHA OWNED!!!!!
<#>
Hahaha dont worry.  <#>  havent come heh
Sorry ma guy.... Living home in 6minutes
Ok^^ haha aww they left me outside to wait for the late people haha><
Tel me surely whether u vil write dip..r tel i need to try somethng else.
I think Michelle would be nearer. I can meet her at temasek poly.Gotta trust someone with the cash and receipts you know?
What abt ur diner? R u having it at hme or there? Rep. *BRRR ur FB friends & WIN cool Coke T-shirts@ www.brrr.me*
We must score A this time ;)
Hahaha ikr!!! She didn't want to come hahaha! Vivien ang also, shewoke up st  <DECIMAL> pm hahaha!
Bring mike for break
Post!
Everyone in ur class handed up mindmap?
Yup!
Dunno.u got lesson later ah.or eat in east side lo.
How. Mother fucker l. Not gotta
S but mostly not like that.
RAMZEE can intro pls
Cfm!! Ok reach hm safe my bsobei
No breeze for you then!!
OHH MY DUN LEAVE YET
Yeah xP
Bubbletea
Whom you waited for yesterday
Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
Haha ohh you should keep your sakuragi properly since you like it somuch! Want it back? I mean the ziploc! Haha yea, biochem fail not chemhons! Haha I will ask liwei later whether pata can! Hahaha ohh thecafe shop thingy near popular sells it now!
when will u reach at station?me and deedi will be waiting at centre
Appa
Yup!
It is not ur fault, no need 2 zi ze lor. Ming zhi dao ni mei you cuo hai ying yao wo yuan liang. I will see.
How's your fever..?? Discharged from hospital..? let me know when you came back to home..
What u wantd 2 tel me? Im free nw.
So soon!
Haha dunno i reaching still got hand to sms or not lo need to balancethe drink and the mee sua!
Haha bye bye <3
So tomorrow u wat time going?
Tues can?
Tramadol
Hey come online! Use msn... We are all there
Okay gamble!!
Yea?
hi, i put the hp to silent mode, did not manage to see it. Nvm pass it to me some other day. It works without a cd right?
Just heard star trek enterprise theme song, faith of the heart... superb
How come u r near my area leh... Hmmm, dun thk so, watchin tv...
Someone took 1 of our Druses out
K 2 mins
Lol yeah im taking over this camp. It will be my last.
Reach liao.
who is our new professor
Ohh okay! I was considering watching it, but in the end never! Ibought the same earphones as you! Hahaha!
Nah I will leave yours out.
Haha nvm u too tired tell me I give u a kiss of energy to boost u up! Lol
Come to cls
<#>
Cool, I'll text you in a few
Am at back gate.. you PGP dweller.. you say
Katong?
Morning! It's tmr Lol. Today is Hui min's.
quite throw face leh
No la I jus follow since last week. 1 month later will buff le. Sianzmy sch now a lot hmwk wan die
Lols okay den yh won't be alone lols
Discussed with your mother ah?
Gal's DIARY: He ws quiet 2dy.I askd if its my fault.He said Nthn.I said I LUV U bt He smild sadly.I cried all nyt Boy's DIARY: M realy sad India lost by 5 runs
Torch black it  <#> . White is  <#> . But bold is  <#> . They are all new and i will have to ship to you in a few days if you really are interested.
He has sent money
Hahaha okay! Yeah lor! Is he joining for dinner? I think can right,but we share cost with them or sth?
Have ur din n when u r free cal me
Yeah xP why?
So fast got ur results oredi ah... Aiya, work hard nxt yr lor...
How can i identify.
Hi Ricky, yes we did. We will reply soon, very busy with otherproblems right now.
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
Liddat lo! Sob sob sob... let me die of loneliness bah!!!!! Eh I tinkwill reach around  <DECIMAL>  at ws... feel like eating cheap cheaplol...
So we meeting at jp later right? U reach already?
Yeah the  <#>
Ya. Will be going to sch for lessons n doing projects.
Yup yup...Haha, we still end up eatin nooch... U goin?
Follow the light
Vivian why no reply
Yosh tonight after 9pm free?
Neh cant
We meet 6 at orchard?
Go for it love
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Not yet chikku..wat abt u?
Ya.
Ok.. haha. I go find later
So wat he's going to do by thurs? Haha.
In medical collg
Btw, have you watched GoT?!
Hey what time ü going tmr? Go earlier... Then no need to queue so long?
when will u go for Malaysia?
K
Which coach u r in?
Yooo
Hey can you go ah ma house and bring her to the doctor now? She felldown this morning and is feeling terrible.
Hyf32@singnet.Com.Sg
Lea me working as assistant merchandiser at polo ralph. u? U got icq?
Reminder... 4244 presentation at 9am... S17-06-SR4
O yr 3 marx ka aik ques hai. Us mai quote b likho aur bc signls kam aa rae hain
To write only..i dnt knw so i askd
I asked Joe help me sign up dunno he have nt. Jus go for fun lo
where you want to meet ?
Friday..i think so..
Lab already
..!..
O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
Hey meet at bench after roll call
Lol ask try?
reach hm alr dear?
Waiting for  <#> .. poke me. I brought sumthing nice for u to eat latrr
I think si 29. I haven do.. Must ask ü how to use excel next time. Ü. Happy new year to ü too. I ask ard n confirm wif ü the date.
Thkz... Enjoy ür wkend too...
Sky was dark,Moon was high.Boy stopped bike,grl askd y?He came close,& grl got shy,boy thn replied"Dhaka Maar Heroine,Petrol tank is Dry"
Do we have eggs?
Probably my properly is less than your reasonably. But that's long. Teach me?
Haha yeah I let you know later.
Inole
Structure of English-jaysena banda
By a patient zero who infected many others. His name is timothy tay
Ehh so Jeremy and junxiong want anot? the person haven't reply yet though!
Quite ok.. Jus came back fr some sub comm stuff.. Haha two of e guys damn pro at pole dance!
Viewing cancelled.   The unit is already sold.
hee. reached home safe n sound! enjoy ur time with ur parents!everysecond spent wif u is so happyfying! :-)
I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
What time will you be home tonight? Wanna play mahjong?
Yup. Fa ni
Ohh my i'm gonna be late too! z
Pls call me:-.urgent.
Hey dance blast was e best among e dance groups! E rest was nt v gd..
Wat the. Tt is quite easy wad. The tough one starts at slime king
Okie... Den do u nd my tut? I juz reach...
i will be late to work today
there?
K f u want take xrx d
BAL  <#>
Yup but they won't be so soon. Have alot of seats here if u don't mind.
Yeh. Indians was nice. Tho it did kane me off a bit he he. We shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. Mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. Love Pete
Hahaha where got food to buy at this time?!
That depends. Where u taking me to eat? U still owe me a date remember?
Hahaha fine last meeting until fri! I want to hear now))): I got nobus to bb le! Haha my grandma is uneducated de! She doesn't reallyappreciate much haha.. Yeah if i'm not wrong yeah haha she don't likefrom the start!
Sorry! XD
No
Once u finish den we go lah.
Yeah. Staying till?
Did u cal baba? Cant contact her
Hi
you can come about 8.the girls are coming 2 do you have the adress???
You eat first
5 min
Ok
People of color -.-
Ohio'll do that to ya
Ohh no macbook?
Er i reach sch around 8 should be can
Ya lo someone need 1 hour to prepare lol angel mah bo pian
I feel fat
Aa rhe hai.
malayu all kayu leh.
Yeap, I waiting for their call.
s quite late until 7... K la, nvm...
Keep it in mind
Ah ok.sure man
Sianz. Den may I dun go Lo. Btw Thursday Fri no sch meh
Dear now waiting for train le.. u all want anything frm north point?dessert ?
I have something on tomorrow Evening. Can I come on Thursday instead?
Pay credit card bill for my sis... Ur sis lesson until wat time? U had ur lunch already?
She said she's accompaning evelyn go buy present.
Lec iwarai. V r discusin project nw
Yew shall persevere :*
Please start without me. Only leaving school now.
Where?
ll bk 2 tents on 7n8jun n oso2 bbq pits ya?
YOU'RE STILL IN HOSTEL?! Why ghost stories omg!
Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
Haha oh no then isn't it my fault?! Dunno leh! I feel v hungry if Idon't eat breakfast de! But I've been skipping breakfast a lot in thepast few weeks! Haha no lah just that it's unhealthy! Omg I stillcan't believe we snacked on the same thing HAHA. I'm not zai >< ><
Ok... so how is ur date wif.wq lol
Haha before or latest 7th feb if possible.
I think so haha
Wishing you a wonderful week.
CARDBAL  <#>
Hee.hugs u tighter!! Laogong eat le ma?
hi, pam asked us whether we want to catch infernal affairs 3 sometime next week?
Oh right! Nah haha I thought you just passed me the whole stack!Thanks thanks! (:
Haven eat yet
..... Ya lor raining is boring..... What show you watching?
Ok sure.
Haha woo okay lol if dont have, I try to help you get from zj.
Akka will you be free to join us to go to JB, malaysia this Sunday.. If possible plz let me know.. If your busy with some other work no problem we will go some other day.. :)
Wru
miss the  <#>  train. be home  <#> .
Heh thursday meetin for lunch right?
oh! having icecream cant wait want to have its so tempting:-p
K
Am not coming. I wil b there Sunday.
<#>
Wat happened to the cruise thing
I should hahaha
Lols where gym? I go once a week at hostel de. Yea tis year laugh somuch a little and come out
you spending christmas with your boyfriend?
do u have the name of the vendor they r using? also is their version same as dynamics NAV 4? the modules they currently have?
Dharti Pe Ishwar Ki Talas He, Malik Tera Banda Kitna Nirash He, Q khojta He Insan Ishwar Ko, Jabki Tere Dusre Roop Me MAA Uske Itne Paas He.
Lol tonnes of them hhahaha
Haha I just stopped after third episode. They want you to read the manga lolz
s no? Did she change?
Why? Why? Now i wan to noe... Heehee...
I not sure wat time end. Can fetch me?
You planning to attend?
No its the one in biz 1. When ll you come?
t use the phonecard. I wanna know the plan to come in Dec. Cie cie
Lol okay. Be happy about it lol you get to stand on buses eh.
And I don't have too much homework tonight! I just got a slight fever :(
Yep, by the pretty sculpture
Yup... On 22nd aug.
To where?
From eve 5
K
haha
Hhaha did you buy stationeries?
Come at 8
dar i go toilet first
And Chuck.
Ooops haha sorry.
Mr lim, Truman here. Is it possible for our grp to meet you at  <#> - <DECIMAL>  break jus to clarify certain concepts on TIP
LOL!!!!! You're the best hahaha!!!!! Andrew is scamming Janice thatyou don't wear anyth under the gown!
Yupz... On sat... Kaiez... Cya...
s a basic yoga course... at bugis... We can go for that... Pilates intro next sat.... Tell me what time you r free
It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
I still love you
Yes ma'am
now S4 change liao who can vounch for me ?
Guailan ar. Sianz so tired may I gym a bit only
Okay
s taking forever.
Is not at nite wad. Last time frm afternoon start
Hey florence. Gary here. I changed to a new num. So wat time will ube at home later?
Total  <#>  absentees today.
Haha ooo classes? interesting haha! Ooo no one else play theinstruments meh? Hahaha Leon??? Leon woo is it? Okay very good hahahathis is so creepy!
valentine wale din...wow so romantic
Whts this
I live pasir ris la. And now i not at home. I am in the north.
Haha u going cip?
Heeey my phone died so I'm using my sister's phone
Yea, he haven start doing yet.
Haha I renming already! Hahaha sorry for what! I also never say youhave to come meet me!
Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
7up ki buttle may namak Dal kr us ko 5 mint tk hila le ur phir apni gand mai chara lenjetna b purana kabs ho foran tot jaie ga
Wth lo they want the meeting to be at  <DECIMAL>  pm wth...
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
Air pump difficult. Mr soh got send u?
NO LOL I DON'T EVEN GET TO EAT THE FOOD
Ps was busy. Erm I will send to lim TT by tonight
relax mode now... hehe...
Lol got meh.I haven't go check oso.
Haha idm! I want you level up in dragon nest! hahaha playing somerunning game my bro intro me, it's difficult! Haha sleep!!
Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
hmmm.. i c how k..
Wats LUV?鈥㊣ts LUV wen a Baby girl puts all her Energy 2 giv her Dad a Massage 4 his Headache.鈥┾??㊣ts LUV wen a Wif makes Tea 4 her Husband & 1st takes a Sip 2 See if its ok.鈥┾??㊣ts LUV wen a Mother gives her Son d best piece of cake & he passes it 2 his Youngr
LL SPEAK 2U SOON LOTS OF LOVE ME.
No, he quit a couple of days ago. But he got a job today woohoo!
Haha morning^^
Yeah! Shhhhiiieeet
Oh omg I just got all of these! Paiseh! So you managed to get itprinted? haha i'm not going! Why they go so early omg! It starts atlike 2!
Kk. No prob.. give me ur Acc number lor.:-)
U can..
Kaiez... At yck mrt huh...
Mara ye b koi gana gu ?)
Ourspace 7pm
Lulz i dunno you'll see me get down. Anyway my bus stop is the one beside the islamic hub
honey i am going to bed already.. have a good night rest..
yup free. so meet u later. at the sr3
<#> , that's all? Guess that's easy enough
Light nhi hai 2 ghante se aur  <#>  ghante ane wala bhi nhi hai. Meraphone bhi discharge ho rha hai.
how was the lab? and what u going to treat me? haha :p
t taste as good as those you made... Well at least we had bfast! Enjoy your day dear... Love.
Anytime...
I saw the lecture list. Haha.
hi��
Friends are there
Eating bread...
Cool lines: Why do friends keep forwarding msgs instead of talking to each other? The reason is that we have nothing to say but still want to be in ToUch...!
Go iluma eh. Get your koi. Haha
Hey chau hong, this's gary from your biz law grp here. Can u tellandrea your matric num so that she can include it on the front page ofthe report? She's doing the final touch up. Thanks.
Whatcha doing pork?  When ya come home.  Got sumthin to talk to you bout when u get here.
I saw ur list tat u send for approval by lishi, who i have no ideais, like got a few ppl left out...so wanted to see...anyway the pplare goh tian, zu guang, ming fa, and the 4 other ppl...2 of ur frens,1 goh tian fren, 1 hiu yan fren...and finally i nv receice ur smsabout dinner...haha..
hmm i wait for u ba..
Second hand good enough rite?
Forget your daddy..think of me. I will be their with you for rest of the life
What bus you taking?
Is tat yijue?
Anna his 4n is off.Mesg is pending.... *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Oh so how is 4pm on sunday?
Oh oh. Take care eh. Good night and rest well. :-)
R u yijue?
Will one of you guys take out chickkkeeennnn?
we at science canteen pink table now...ok lah wait 4 u...
dr reach home?
1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  <#> . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
Whyyyy? What happened?
oo.. is nt uaeful or u dunno hw to do
I'm sorry for my misbehave.
Pantosac
Yep that would be fine. Cya then.
U climb in ar
Hahaha can can.aiya u take ur time slowly la I ok 1.
m crying wid d headche, bring some pain kilers
Hey can u ask any ofur frnds abt dat huffman coding
Thanks Grace! =D
Ungeorefncd topo ta share e de
Oi had lunch i'll be at class bench for a while
Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
We meet him on next Wed?
Kither ho?
Ok Andreu. Good nite. May God bles u.
Woo remember to get the non-sticky grill.
Ind  <#>  for 4 at lunch:)sac  <#>  not out:)
Eh I got your sms so late ): I fell asleep, just took out thebandage, omg my bruise is damn bad! Glad that you caught the bus! Areyou online?
Eh fang nx wk u free? I'm thinkin at the beginning shld be a bit morefreq if not forget v fast. I fit to ur schedule, n also don't need uto be always ard, cos I shld spend more time practising, juz that Idon't have the facility or equipment now. N also, u can work me tillexhaustion.
Erm but now got difficulty finding last player. U wan play with jason?
Hee. Dear want take train today?
GOING TO SLEEP NOW.
Pata nai bhai
Lol. I left already free
Ya... In e afternoon lor... They wana buy stuff oso...
I put ur keys on ur table liao...thanx a lot....i got tell bernard oso...
No preparing 4 my phd
Srs? Lols I continue trying
Pls cl me whn u r free.
Oh oh. Ummm let you know tmr bah. Im still not sure.
Ok, see u tmr :)
Neshanth..tel me who r u?
add
Will be you when done.
Nope not for open house. Tt havent reply.
Yep I'm waiting for the bus.
s y nvr send...
Hi Rasa, baba said u were in casual,r u on leave? May God bles u.
Oh ya can pass me lynette's card too?
so the submission ok right?
The more arguments you win, the fewer friends you'll have.
Sorry, I'll call later  <#> mins
Before 10? I let u now before i leave.
Now I get both!
So ü wan to sign up a not...
Psh you hardly used gaia... what could yours even have?
Noted with thanks. At least laura won't be so stressful le. Haha.
Ya. Kk. Help me bring extra swimming trunks
t find me?i in hall lo.call my hp if got urgent stuff.i in hall wil on sound for calls.
Wish he forgives me
Anyone wanna chat i veri lonely
Truedat. but for now I don't have the C2 timetables so it isn't garunteed yet
s angry w him yest ma... Thk they quarrel or somethin...
Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
Roger
m home. Ard wat time will u reach?
I dun have such shit le... Friday whole day sch siaz
Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
Any bubble tea for you?
Call us when u reach sch
Haha get less distracted! I'm full HAHA. oh what the!!! I have 6!!
yo... today no more lesson isit?
So you got a ride?:D
Goodnite dear.nothing to talk after we talked just now.so take care and sleep well.
Shuhui asked if later wan 2 meet or not.
Tml morning as usual?
Fuck off.....
Sweet
Hey! What are you doing? have your lunch? your mother got scold you? see you. bye!
Lol no. I just need to cash in my nitros. Hurry come on before I crash out!
Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that " <#>  lac crore" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  <#>  yrs. Can give  <#>  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  <#>  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  <#> /- for  <#>  yrs. No need of World Bank & IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m."
m walking in citylink now ü faster come down... Me very hungry...
Hmmm can try.the mission vision how?
Lol meet u MacDonald or wat ba.house got grandma got maid got relatives recently.not very gd.lol.
Remo's grandfather hs psd away.v r planing 2go on wed. Evning &hv a 1/2 hr service.t might b around  <#> . <#> .i wl gv u de corect time later.wl u b abl2com?
Haha okay my class at 1pm. Later I buy 2. But dont give me the balloon lol.
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
U got receive my msg?
Mine is  <#>  no?
Hahahaha not at the moment? You wanna plan? ^^
Hey amy! My internet is down. I don't have access to my email. Howar? Any updates for e mkt case write up?
Hah she called me back le. Thanks.
Wah... Okie okie... Muz make use of e unlimited... Haha...
Hahah.. You otw to work le?
Will come 4 third hour
Sorry!!!
I can't buy. I ask mf buy then we pay
Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
Hey did u hve ny idea d 2day s milk r cofe?
Group is too sig free
Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
LOL YEAH WE JIO-ING PPL ALSO HAHA YOU CAN JIO ANYONE ELSE
Haha dont worry I thibk I will filter out alot more.
Eric is eating my head. Please finish the stuff.
No ah.. is send to you de. What u doing now
Hihi sorry sorry I'm having a headache right now, so I don't think Iwill be going for training tonight, SORRY!!! Really really sorry): ):
I suggest andromeda.
Ya sure.. now?
Intriguing method explored. Bring our minds to explore other nonconventional materials
Robin now...
<#> k:)take home is  <#> k itseems:)
it time
Oooo cool! :D sophie is trying to convince me to drop chem hons!
AND PI
my hand got fractured getting pain:-(
Ok
Sure.
Huh >< but I don't come back to hostel today anyway! >< I reallycan't finish my hw if I go!
Yeah but she wasnt as crazy! Wasnt moving to every music hohoho.
Thik hai
Get well soon take care
Oh I know, don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm sitting herethinking you're just a terrible person who hates him or that I'm onsome elevated plane of whatever lol... I just can tell you what weirdthings you do and get an explanation, whereas, say, Hemisha wouldscoff and berate you if you tried to have a similar conversation lol
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
Is the meeting still on? I am outside the consult area
OHH WHY DUN WE GO NUS LIBRARY!
Wat u doing my dear? Cutting ur hair now?
I'm just kidding :-)
talk to you later
Tui ghuma. I wont write. Tui to sokale uthe likhe nibi.
I will come tomorrow di
Ledu cantn ki raaa
Ic?
Ahahaha that is so false. You just gotta have strong willpower then everything's fine. Seems like she still thinks you got a boyfriend.
Going for appearing exam getting tensed!!
Omg wow thanks!
HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE.
ok..hot panini from panera bread...and btw the cake is still in our room..lol
Hmm.. I think com1 first bah. See got space anot loh. More convenientlah. Haha.
And hopefully we won't mock it the whole time, unlike les mis
Hmmmmm.nvm I find find later.haha.all reach le ah?
Happy Mid-autumn Festival !
HAHA I REALLY CANNOT IMAGINE YOU IN A CHOIR! Hahaha okayy see you ina while haha! She kick damn hard ah hahaha!
Whos dis ?
Ok I try! Eh 2moro if see me call out, dun like the other time nvr even see u
Mimi40 care to intro?
Paiseh leh.
U reaching home??
K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure
Haha 3 of us today, coz I got the most experience! As in, sth liketeam captain maybe? but i'm not so pro lah haha! I'm not!
Huh he is?
Yes hopefully. Heh
Dear father please send me some money because i need to pay my due in my university.
Mom,I want a new baseball bat to play baseball as my last one is broken
Ok
No..jst change tat only..
Is the student checklist filled up yet?
Add
Eh.. in the Shaw tower in beach rd rite? Shld b OK.  If cannot find we call u
Yar abid se bol wo presentatins wala page ka pta kre..wo chahia hai lazmi
i hav destroy the passwd. thanks a lot, the flo charts help. :)
Gud ni8
When are visiting hours at the hospital?
Playn or watchn?
I tink my mum on leave. She wan me go out with her ....
Haha u wan celebrate 4 me haha 6points but e tester close eye one lah.
gd,, laogong have a good rest k! muggles.
Nevr.. Dnt wory. Mom dnt knw.
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Haha later 1+ going nus! Ooo take care! I'm eating porridge:D haha Iusually stop few chapters before the end:P Drink more water!! Hahayups doing soon!!
Yay I need you to be my gl! :D
Ok sure
Well switch then
R6 lounge
Hey eugene, ms loh replied with the interview but i havent reallylooked at it yet.. Should we still meet then? If not if its only goingto be a short one then we can go ahead and update you
2moro practis aft. Novena. 2moro thrs mas with novena.feast of a saint and v r singing b  <EMAIL>  pls
Sure, can! See you!
Ah ok.didn't tot of the flash part.hmmm.lol think just for casual use onli wun really so professional oso ba.too poor for this hobby sia.
not really lah...
bas yara ALLAH ka shukar ha sahi ho gaya ha...
Yo, I am off to sleep. Good luck with the tests.. and have a great trip! :-)
I would use features best you can if you can unite a class... likeinstead of t>s and d>s, alv stops to fricatives.. if there's just oneinvolved, t>s would be fine (obv a made up example)
U free??
Sree, if u're too tied up with other projects, rest assured that wecan follow up with the biz law assignment, just let us know what isleft so that we've enough response time. I'm sorry to pester u again!Haha.
Hmm hope I can find the koi shop, cause I never go clementi buy before.
OK sure... can!
Will be about 5 mins late.
Haha I dun have the first four chapters the compre haha): yeap (:ryan is nice too:P
Lols jus dao amap
But*
Ya they volunteer! Later kayaking can see Joel :) imma reaching le
U use melody as ur pic right?
Heehee!!!! I'll pull you down also kk then fall on you, then you'll be lamer!!
I've made a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm liao.
???
haha, early sleep again, good dream =
Hey gals.. I need to go funan it mall to look for my charger n take a look at the laptops.. Wanna come along? If u all wan..meet at cityhall mrt at 1 k?
starts at 3
Ok yeah sure
Hahaha
Alright!
There is a kind of conditioner in pet's central that is for calciumfor terrapin's shell.
Also remember the beads don't come off. Ever.
Ly
Can I have both of your orders?
Sent me j
Haha eating wad?? Time?? Hehe
yeah
I thk e rest shld b free, but xin cant chiong ... Dun mind go chiong lor, den y u dun go 4 bash.Hey, wat do u nd nowadays...
Yyyyes..where?
At pub ah... U join me la den i go, gee... Lala workin there ah, okie, i shall ask her...
Sorry, can not make it today. Can you send your proposal then to usby email.  We won't have further time this weekend, sorry!
Lols ok BTW 2moro Dylan say can't le lmao!
Nvm liao...thanx anyway
Eee.... which ex? I thought u just called A?but he's not a past.. <name>? Cw?
Dirty! Later the wardrobe smelly
i want to see him! Is he gonna be here tomorrow? I just left to see rach and wont be back til  <#>
Uhh bro before i forget tmr if anything happens regarding me (registration etc) pls keep in contact thx
No thanks
Nvr c any... Dunno wat size u fit oso...
L
hello how are you?
k, thanks! :) u informing the rest?
Table soccer le. Lols u tink wad sia
Next stop alighting le. So u can gauge hee
Okie
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
Haha okay (: LOL mine will be like that too! Wow there's alot of size3 bballs in the cp room! Super cute!!
Yo you still awake?
Hey think tmr i will take bus down. Dont be late ah.... Cya
Shut up...
Haha damn cute!!!
Ehh where will it be? I need to be back in sch by 4! (:
Haha jiu okay lo. You got new discoveries mah lol
Without eatin hw can i cum d
Great, thanks for your help. We'll be done with the forms tonight,how can I pass then to you on Friday? Thanks!
Have to. I sign up alr ..
6 fours!
PROBABLY :X hahaha omg I can't wait ~~~
Why need to eat? How to eat the powder'
I reaching in about 1 hour.  U all still will b there?
Hmmm yeah I know.
I think I free during night
Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
Ok soon soon
Lol Nishanth also very happy! :D
A pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. So catch the world with your smile..:) GOODMORNING & HAVE A SMILEY SUNDAY..:)
Cannot choose lah... They help you choose.
Xxccvvxxfgh vcx =/= vv cfggiio bhfdch
Do you like Gatsby?
u <#> L
Don't forget who owns you and who's private property you are ... And be my good boy always .. *passionate kiss*
Hes drinking pee now. Ttyl
I'm here already.
Project work
Hi Andreu, dady droped the fone, the batery n lid were in 2 places,no tones. Just the light flickers 4 a cal. Whats 2 be done.
Dey cake.
Haha I can reach arh y cannot? Wat u wanna take? =p... so tml will be <#> / <#>  condition lah lol
t think so.
Yup yup!
Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif ü lei...
Haha omg pinyin!! Its more difficult to read than the actual chineseword! I won't^^ you run faster than me anyway! Can't outrun:P
Y
I ll come in the evening and swap.
Really? .
Not sure leh. just pass to me first
Why is it ridiculous..? Slept tsk!
Urgent. Need to chat
No lah, yest took some photo, den now do some editing and burn into my cd, them complain i never give them e photo dat we took before..
s my dear doing?
Ntng mama
Who is this?
Nice. So physics?
What! ours came last week LOL. I dunno leh have to come back duringslack time!
Haha maybe, I dun know! Hahaha our only chance is our exchange grouphaha! Or can save money go book, then just us and we can watch moviesall day omg!!!^^ I woke up see alot of empty alcohol bottles, then sawone still have de tiger beer that weiren and sophie were sharing, so Ijust koped abit haha, but make my mouth very dry, sian! Then watchedsophie play mj awhile then went out with yuki to buy instant noodles!Haha it was very random, I found out someone actl had a crush on me inthe past 1 or 2 months! Yeah came back and ate noodles then playedcards with weihan sophie yuki and Matthew, play one round taiti thenplay cheat then fall asleep le! I slept around  <DECIMAL>  I think!Haha uncomfortable coz I slept sitting! Oh! I wanted to give you acall:P
But still cant treat me like that right.. Oh well nothing I can say anyway.
Sweet, see you then
Haha yeah hmm dunno ehh!! Can bring and intro the same tune:D
Ps. I end at 3. Want do wat
0hk bhai kaha pe abhi
Do you think i can move  <#>  in a week
LOL Whyyyyyyyyy
Abt 1pm?
Call me. I m unable to cal. Lets meet bhaskar, and deep
You're gonna have to be way more specific than that
That is so cute!
Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look.
I will have an interview at  <DECIMAL> pm tomorrow and at 5pm on thursday.
Simei nxt stop tampines. U can go le
Having dinner now
Can you help me record the 7pm tv programme?
laogong wan an!  slp tite tite hor!!
Slap yes i just woke up to an sms too!
Yup
ll call first...
Din get any reply.... I see if by Monday they got reply if not wecontact our backup company lol
That's weird.. your inbox full? Else means something wrong with this phone..
Em ledu
Hey mohit, you in sg?
Then i just bring hdd transfer lor my bag v heavy
oh.. hehe. I didnt bring.. didnt expect to be so cold. its the highest temp oreadi, but still quite cold.
ll b quite late... Gee...
she's fine
Nice!
U wan a xmas gift?Can.Hehehe but u gotta dress in a cute santarina suit.
Is it the facebook one?
Haha then you decide bah lol. I fine with the date and time. Haha
Having lessons now?
Only you went offline, ryan was still online! The sms thing waseveryone I was smsing ._.
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
Yup why
Wait maybe he spoke of brit tradition to steal good stuff from colonies
Haha then we slack slack lo... later u finish call me! Haha did u getJeremy msg?
merry christmas to u 2!
okay... then i will go myself a bottle of water... You want anything? I will be early haha... for once
Have u check Melbourne ? can visit uncle Param & VJ
Hahaha slap! I might be leaving soon!
! Not 7 LOL.
wait for a wilrt
Who are you with over there in the corner
Lol okay I have no evidence.
All's fine.  Just fed whole bottle.  Not angst, so easier to takecare of. :-)   enjoy your haircut. :-)
Up*
MORNING! You're up early!
Tampines to swim
Daddy fetching u?
Okay!
Yes can...U go atm machine can liao
Ajmer me bhai.. Tu kaha pe he
Oh alright
Eh I owe you quite a lot of money. Plus to9 dinner $ <DECIMAL> , japbks & jaime royalty (I think pay him 5 each is reasonable) , just giveme the total value I pass to u on monday?
Dinie! I appoint you as my gl okay? :D can I have your ic no, fullname and emergency contct person and number'
:o we're moving off now... Reaching by  <#> h planning to grab seats at DC by  <#> h
Eh... Fri i got lect from 10 to 12 ñ lab from 2 to 4. Any time in btw or before can? Haha... Sorrie...
K
What you doing?
I hav taken 4rs d
K
He found them wandering through the desert, a desolate, wind-swept wilderness. He protected them and cared for them, as he would protect himself. Like an eagle teaching its young to fly, catching them safely on its spreading wings, the Lord kept israel from falling. Deut  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
Make the intensity slope steeper than the amplitude slope. But dontmake it straight line like mine.
Lmao
I thgt will b lk 30 bucks or somethin... K la, cya on fri...
my work is finished
Ok. See ya
Yah lor having alone. Tdy lect end at 1. At least u get to drive out to fetch ur mum, shd not be dat bored.
About 7 plus.
Ankit KumarA <#>
Ok!!!! Lg also so happy today. In yishun bus e
okie..booked u le..hee. den place n time i confirm wif u again. ?
Hey hey, got one object perception study.  <DECIMAL>  credits de! Hurry!
Ohh no, cannot find you!
Good luck!
Hmmmmm can call who?
<#> ..this is my no..riya
It's a man's world...even I hate women lol
Ok..
Not meeting up?
Ps I 2moro can't go
Hehehehe no one to blame!
Wha. Ok. Then u propose another date
I kinda do wrong too. I chose news article with neutral writingstyle. Wad did u do wrong
Hi Andreu, hope u r busy with babas work. Bye. May God bles u. If theres anything talk.
Haha. Okay okay. See if she's going first. If not, friday u take frm me loh.
Ohhaha
your hundred dollars
Hey a key with a guitar shaped keychain was found near de volley ball court . . Probably a hostel room key. . Get it from chit security. . Pass de word
Eating now
oh sorry late reply.. okay i'll try it. thank you shan :)
:->bhai rula mat be.. Btw kaisa he
s blue or pink...
Okay^^
Eh relac ah I got something to settle.
Cars
Do u knw d meanin of dese words:*Girlfrnd*Lover*Wife*Ex-GirlfrndVery Simple:*Pre-Paid*Post paid*Lifetime*Missed call .!!! xD
kitni roti khani ha
Why?
Btw the bendemeer students said they will arrive in evening time.
I meant just you guys
Haha! I think I reached home earlier than you!!!! :P haha eatendinner le mah? I'm still eating:P haha what!!! Its the randomnote!!!!
Oh, where are ü off to? And when will ü be coming back?
What you expected to get? Because it's cally and xt that went to buy.
Most Superior example of love in My life. When apples are 4 and we r 5 Then my mother Says
Ok
Bblp later 9 have ur cute boy show. Heee channel u.
am eating call u later
Soooooo (ugh) psych?
Alright sure.
Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.
Aishu y wat d problem
I got project meeting  <#>  lol... so only available at 3
Bye
Nice wad. The judge nosebleed.
Y crying for that
Give all that you have to the Lord and He will be pleased with you. Everything we possess will lead us away from Him. But in His hands it will accomplishHi Andreu, good morning!At dehiwela junction take  <#>  bus n get down nadimala 2 find rums.even auto drivers wud say she says.there'l be boards too.again much more. Mark  <#> : <#> . Praise be to God.i'l ask yaso. May God bles u.
For 4 pax ?
HI PPL:D LET'S WATCH  <TIME>  THIS WEEK:D
Hey... R u goin 4 e extra cz lect today?
<#>  this is babas friends number 4 any urgent mater. May God bles u.
eh.. s can i get from ya e notes today?
Lolll thanks :-)
Sorry I have chinese and pe ):
Los I no art! End at  <DECIMAL>  today. Shiok
Yeah la but you were overseas what!
Hey, just now u sent a ppt copy to e prof le right?
Hai
xy:Today no need lah. Initially plan meet her tomw, then now got william bday then i got 2 work also... also duno how
No la they at run now, don't think will drag so long la.
dekhne main to sahi ha..
Muacks where u?
I think doing well at interviews shouldnt be much of a problem for you... Im now in the last nite of my war games exercise which started yesterday. Tiring...
Ahahahaha you so cuuute. Thanks a lot!
Lunch before class later?
Nop. U?
Shourie is PR. Lemme ask him
K
Ü got enuff money to take taxi home a not?
Lol.u wan can go walk ard see how ba.you getting cake from inside the central tat shopping center?
CONGRATS!!!! At shangri la???
My fren say still got la...
hello, this is test msg
Enjoy your pork keh!
Actually i'm at home alr just come over
Ok!!!
Haha okay! They're here already anyway!
No nid pair lols he is safety kayaker
Truman la. Wad u doing later
Chandirka failed to defeat Mahinda in  <#>  so we got a terror-free country. With SirasaTV, Mangala &Fonseka she is trying to destroy our FUTURE again. Be Aware!
mobile ka paka ho gaya ha  <#>
Lol ok... that time we said koi we can try.... or similar to laptopcan try Toshiba or lenovo acer dell
I know, saw your Facebook! :) congrats! :)
Tats gud..
Hmmm... They din really say much abt it... Okie, nvm...
Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
No haven't. By fri submit can.
s e gals who r laughing at me lor...
Wah. U really got special treatment! Wahahaha. Boss, pls forgive meif there were any misunderstandings in the past!
What happen dear. Why you silent. I am tensed
Waa mindblown
That sucks. So what do you got planned for your yo valentine? I am your yo valentine aren't I?
We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
Okie can cya
Sry for late rply..anywy..Don ask abt studies..how s ur collg goin
I mean email the notes lols
oh, its ok. i scared i late oso..  ;)  concentrate on ya tut. see u later. Ü
Ya. Eat already. Now on the way back.u eat already?
ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
Emoooooo
Roger. I think he wants. Later I ask him
ohooooo....usman se nai pocha kya/
Hey, i'll redo the listing of products via categories page later so udon't have to help me le. Thanks.
SD?  No da. Only have micro
Wei..... i got nus des wat.. haha.. okay lar.. i cfm wif u again k?
One more stop
Ahhh I need the forms hhaha
Just getting back home
Nid wear wat?
Broadway, Broadway NSW 200700 Tel 61 2 93385000
Right? Seriously... that's is definitely a full blown terrorist organization
hi friends good evening i shall join with you in  <#> minutes
Hee. Ok dear. I leave home at about 3pm k? My sis going yishun fortuition also. Hee
Old Orchard near univ. How about you?
Still on the way.. just left house. Haha
wru?i am with my ex netball captain.wru?
We at canteen now
2nd floor enter from back door
I Bring for u. I can not promise u 100% to win. sometime i loss also.
Oh
Thanks.....
I had warned that this is so according to Home Ministry Advisory.
Oh no hahaha cannot I'll be super pig! Oh crap leaving soon):
hey, we are meeting 645 at airport terminal one to send xiang mei off
Hi Dad, Good Day to you
Nop. No nid wad. But doing math self practice now
Ah?Den How?Hmm..Nmind lah..Play without her lah...
Which bus stop?
Haha I hope I can have neck pain too. Then I wont always sleep in class le :-(
Haha yeap coz our old luggages are spoilt! Yeah and its much betterkept than the Maltese opposite me! yeah I know yours was a Maltese!Haha yeap it was fun! Haha okay!! (: yeah T.T I know ~ but I reallyreally want a dog!! T.T can I keep it at your house hahaha!!!
dude! do you know how much will it cost if i buy a good for three pizza at Zio's?
Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
4 ho gae . Islamizatn ni mila aur Write 3 main objectivs of tourism
Hey ps Eman and I can't go got arp
Customer place i will call you
Sounds great! Are you home now?
Idk. Indi morning till 2 plus
On da train... At clarke quay...
haha.. if can.. but i think may jam.
Ohh noo sorry sorry I can't make it I have exchange rehearsal):
So u coming. Should b at esplanade.
Why the trip to sf?
Ya ok no problem
Sorry u go eat dinner first
Haha ya.find some frens code together ok ah.haha. <#> oso take finish already ok 1 la.lol.u if confirm take liao I got the ebook if nv change I send u lor.its quite ex if u buy.but exam is all from tb.haha.
Paiseh, some other time bah =)
dar dar gd morning! kisses and hugs to start ur day!  ding ding!
Sweet
Hey u in e lt oredi?Im on my way..
Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
And pls pls drink plenty plenty water
Ya I tink so lol but I expect all bk shld have super long queue bahlol... later I go pass ws if no queue I go buy lol
So later 7.30 fish n co at suntec. Who cant come please say earlier.
like kent ridge ppl told me many ppl   apply it. but i also  got one that time
s e exit on ur right when u come out frm e control... So 7 ah, dun b late...
Yup i'm going now! Haha okay:P haha renata! >< haha poke poke><
The question is, what time would johnny reach?
:-* take care.. have a good trip :-)
Let shovel know
Aiyo. headache again ah.. go rest somemore, drink water! i end sch6pm. then nw going career fair look see.
Sux ...
Truman. I also asked shiyu and yikchoong
Now going to market for taking bread
If you hate a person...鈥㏕ell it!...鈥ヾont show it...
Hahaha very little participants lo. But still okay bah I guess.
Reached le. Lols timing off agn
Parents ok but the registration and commitment etc is :(
I was almost kild yesterday.
I got it from a webpage. Not sure about the details.
Yeah OK. Will call Tze chin.
Haha trust me, you will be very busy.
Which college?
Haha icic! I dunno how to also lah haha, we all just tolerate! Hahasleep soon, I want to see you tmr so you better be okay tmr! Haha i'mdrinking Milo too! Haha yups must!(:
Hapy new year andrew.may al ur dreams cm true. Bt its jst a year 4 me,cos its witout my malli.t.c.g.b
Hey Roy ask if u wan play bball nxt week?
Hi ppl sorry I'll be late, jeryl sim hasn't dismissed us! You all caneat first bah ><
happy new year
Daddy wat time u reaching?
aunty sleep already?
Hi sorry can help me ask heng to clear my plate? Sorry :x
Alright. U too! Enjoy e mooncakes n stuff.. Haha.
My biceps grew :D
Go cut hair 1st. Nth to do oso
That was fun, lol.
A sweet naughty little thought: 'It is better to flirt,flirt & flirt,rather dan loving some1 & getting hurt'.. .
If you don't mind please come to our college to meet the Principal
Fml
~~~Pleaseeee
How's school? =)
Sat lor. Can?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
m reaching home. Take my bag then go sch.
Oh we still have one more extra ticket in the end._.  Hahaha oh nodun let me decide I have nothing in mind!
8pm on Monday can?
try kar raha ho
Ok that's no problem at all.
Now go har?
Lol yeah lor. How sia. Dilemma.
ok.. we meet after lunch at abt 2 can?
Wru de
go and take it
Ya.. reaching soon.
Thanks xP I can cut them if you wanna cut onions =P
YES IM DYING AT HOME. NO STATIONERIES TO USE
Hmm on my way from sci
I can go to unit 3. Although, I don't know how long I'll be able tostick around, I got almost no sleep, even for me haha
Dunno why he dun wanna go le. K lo
Fyp.  Coming to PGP.. see you!
its always ladies 1st...so why nt a gentleman starts 1st...
I really quite dulan, so I not coming back for nx 2 days. His stressskin giving me problems since day 1 and I had never hear an apology ofany sort or their offer to help for the extra work I have been doingbecause of their mistakes.
Hi dude i b0ught ur pr0dct frm ebay plz shp asap
Hi how are you?
You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
I asked my frenz but they dunno yet... I go w u la... Haha...
Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
when do u arrive?a can't wait to see u:D
Kk thanks!
did u watch da movie?
Then why u say u apply e wrong acct n e helpdesk cc ur supervisor. Ur dad haven come fetch u?
are u coming now?
Sounds good! Let me think about it first!
What would be the first thing you'd buy?
<#>
Hahahahahahah ya lorrrr. After I went out with joshua, I straight potong pasir until I feel like a saint
I tink another  <#> mins lik tt
Lols I dunno le. Argh boring life
Fwiw the reason I'm only around when it's time to smoke is that because of gas I can only afford to be around when someone tells me to be and that apparently only happens when somebody wants to light up
Hi guys..tina here. Anything sms me at 98745612
I want to go to perumbavoor
dunwant! i wait for u to eat later!
Haha no la I just can't think of any! Hahahahaha hopefully I can buylah! I'll ask my dad he's nicer:P haha anyday is okay! No one jio mefor anything yet! Haha true that but its exams)))): haha nice! I wantto sleep too):
Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*
What will we do in the shower, baby?
I'M A LUMBER JACK AND I'M OKAY, I WORK ALL NIGHT AND I SLEEP ALL DAY
OK sure! Cya! :-)
Ohh right she's in Aussie!
Hahahaha god that would be too great. She would be so pissed
HTC TOUCH DIAMOND2 ha naam pchle msg main pura nam nai send kiya tha
r u free tml 2 help me wif sorting?
baobei sayang u more la. n enjoy ur lunch! :】
Haha okay then I stay up until you call? Haha hmm not sure then! Ithought my dad's voice sounds like his also! Haha really ah I neverheard him speak eng:P
Bhai kaha pe he
Den wat colour they picked 4 u... U still there ah, they take so long... So did u get ur hall?
s my first choice...Hmmm, thkin of doin food sci, but dunno can get it cos nd bio...
LOL. so who!!!
Hahaha alright.
Why? U nid it back?
Later in da nite lor... I always cant dial in one... Muz no pple then can...
Opps... sorry.. i kept tinking tmr is wed.. sorry.. haha..
hello?
I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
Haha NICE! eat what hao liao?!
臭宝贝啊！you thinking of me? reach home safely ok!!
Hey can you SMS your road and block number again?
9 plus maybe
Hey... I post oredi...  So anticipate it within there few days lor...
m in town oredi. So Wat time u wan 2 meet?
Oh ya i think so. Wah that is gotten be one of my regrets then. Shit.Haha. Which sch is she from?
Hmmm....not sure oso... Thk shld b at e fst block leh... My sis said at s2... Thk muz go early and find...
TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
Wad time u wanna meet?
Then still waiting?
Okay can.
Oh then bikes put where? Got chain ar
Ok I alighted...
Later I buying nasi lemak u wan?
Yep that's fine.
Macs!!! And we found a  <#> h Starbucks:o
Hospital. We leaving soon
For sure dude
Will be reaching in  <#>  min
Omggggg lol why are you thinking of him hahahaha
Oh sure. U knoow design lab? Anyway near there can.
Haha quite okay except for the bad cough! But ttis sem gonna behectic man. This your second line?
Haha yes chibi is a happy girl! Got awesome boyfriend and notraining! Haha so all used up?? Haha it was quite fun, everyone I knowde, weitieng got whacked in the head by jiayi!!
Jeeeeefffff
lasat night i was in campus
Press 4. Am stuck on level 5
Ok. Mom said she wants to go to cheddars.
Have but I dunno can not
i will give u a call! ok? :)
Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
oh sorry
Sory bro i cnt c0me as am hvng leg pain n headache b0th n its severe.. Am s0ry br0
Yup why eh.
Haha sorry im in convo! You wanna meet at lakeside? At 8? (: supposedto reach at 9! (:
Bhai intrvw dega XL me?
Fwd: Hi!pass down the msg!meet at  <DECIMAL>  on friday!we r goingcycling!!!ppl who are interested to run randomly aft cycling can tellmoni!^^
Did it eat its own mount? Lols I tot the process quite long de
(Where are you)
Good luck for ur test!
WARNING:鈥㏕here has been lot of bad comments & jokes about actor vijay. Even his recent films like kuruvi,villu, Vettaikaran,sura got failure bcoz of these sms only.  So dont send any jokes about him or his films. The person who is sending such msgs will be
Not sure wat time end but shldnt be too late
Haha icic! Cannot imagine what is took much creativity haha! Wow sorandom haha okay!
hi. you called? whats e matter?
And if you wanna meet for dinner, meet at orchard mrt 6pm. We will beeating tomyum/curry at dont know where. :)
Lol I wouldn't know of gc if not for u lor!! So it's your sei!!!
Team kick me won 3rd for research and 1st for National Instruments, speedtrax etered finals but didn't win anything
Wow neat!!
Break for dinner. finished your dinner? dont tell me you wan save money so haven dinner? don?t be pai c ok?
Manga!
Hmmm.... Thk so...Wat time ur work ends...
Wish u a very merry christmas andrew:-)
Okay but tmr then i'll go in lah. Haha. TG also taking right. Don'tknow 7 quota is enough anot.
Lol it doesnt matter la, the more the merrier. Haha I lend you jacketif you cold.
WHERE R U? WHERES DADY?
Haha fell asleep?
Yo!! I'm going to sleep now so I hope I will recover tmr (: I tookcough medicine! Haha reply you tmr, I should be up around 9 latestbah! (: goodnight and have fun!
Wahahaha. U miss those ppl right? Go and work again during yourvacation at the end of the yr.
I hv watchd around  <#>  raywilliamjohnson videoz. Each vid lasts 5 mins
Want to meet somewhere else?....
Oh no I can't make it either, I'll go from next week onwards k!
Lol she dont know we buying eh.
Omg I'm the worst! You guys can cone whenever you're ready!
Ya . . .
No need lah.
Noodles
K... Lts talk 2mro... Gud nit...
Boo you still at kallang?
I will wait for ü lar... by the time i walk to yck also 245. Then i wait a while... Dont be late !
Angel sms me at 0164330931 ok? Chinese male here
Are you mad at me for what happened yesterday?
Huh?? I don't understand! Haha coz like I read it then go do sth elsethen forget I didn't reply!
Will u be online later? I just now check my answer wif gh le lol
Wat the! Weds when gym
Hi alexia, We've figured out an alternate method for the gifts andhonorarium. So no need to come.
Come down
Haha told you there's noone le.
Hey do u wan to meet LCS in 1st or 2nd break?
Not bullying lah my goodness haha my mum dunno saying what thinglosing money or idk what, he very nice to her this morning lor! keeptrying to make her laugh! But she just refuse to laugh so he probablyquite sian haha. I'm on YouTube with my phone:P oh no haha I want timeto pass faster now!!!
Latest slybus for Nursery SchoolsA-AppleB-BluetoothC-ChatD-DownloadE-EmailF-FacebookG-GoogleH-Hewlett PackardI-iPhoneJ-JavaK-KingstonL-LaptopM-MessengerN-NeroO-OrkutP-PicassaQ-QuicktimeR-RAMS-ServerT-Touch ScreenU-USBV-VistaW-Wi-fiX-XPY-YoutubeZ-Zorpia!
U later got go ily??
Post! How did Drosselmeyer have kids?
We reach oredi...
I'm with my friends haha
You should go... and sleep... or something
Haha doesn't matter it look decent u dun complain can le =p... hahamy mum disappear dunno go where lol dunno my dinner how... snack! Fatfat! Haha...
Wot hpnd?
Lol no problem.
I need my ID! D=
Its alright! We compiling tmr what! Haha but if have to meet, Iprefer tues night hahaha my tues is crazy! Jiayou for tip!!!
Yea
and got bursary already
How's your day going so far?
Ohh!! But wen found quite alot of stuff le! Haha yeaps ok!!
There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
Thks big guys! Will try g knock acs ppl :D
i ignore the duplicates. we can delete them when prepare them for release. let us stick on topic.
Dear I talking with my sis first..you don't sleep too late ok? MuggSs. Thanks for giving me such a wonderful day!!
Yeah I angry you. You pms me lo.
Nope. You choose eh.
I've less than 100000 BDT, if you need call me.
Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  <#> mins later feed.
Yes of course. Lychee fish?
Got dinner for me?
Yesssss!! This is what this song should be!
t...
Yep. Lols I no shoes to wear today
Ya okay. U buy us the grapes then. Wahahaha.
Eh sorry I won't be home till late I send it to u all latest tmlmorning can? I done the method le but haven test
Yes.
how your day?
Ah I don't seem to have it either
Or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?
Thanks!
for me to know for u to find out. haha :x
Ya even i told i vil thnk of idea for dat site .did u wait
DVD buy  <#>  ill give money for  <#>  dvds:-).
Haha I dont know where eh. That kuku fella nv tell me where.
Ohh nothing to do?
Orh.
Wl u go f0r hairct n0w?
Hey love! Fucking early bus! Wtffff
Hmm... No la, meet u another day then...
Where u guys are u both meeting me.. I think my class will end early like  <#> pm
Waa go gym lo. Or swim at clementi
Hey no one s n class de. Shall i take ur bag to rest room
What happen.
Lols aching frm pull ups
Haha because I really missed the times when I had fun in ane. I dontwish to see it crumbling down too.
Oh snake I would like to see!
Ok we meet 5 orchard shop shop eat dinner. Most prob i b at John Little at 4.30.
Alright thanks!
Ooo you read? Haha thanks man. I will.
Can't want YouTube and learn meh?
hah... i dun mind.we haven got a chance to catch up.wad time? i go ur plc n we go there together?
Meet on tue nite for Xyan birthday. Please reply whether can make it or not.
Ohh! X.x later see what happens bah! Do you two like talk everyday??
Hey, it would be great if ü could loan me your stuff...
Hey u wan go watch midnight movie on Monday? Den write leave
Ok. Will sms u when we leaving
Yo you alright dude?
welcome
Your pussy is perfect!
Hmm I think shld be ok? I confirm with you again tmr! :D
Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D
Why pa:-).
Ehh why? It is always on de!
Enti padukunava bus lo
Cheque no.  <#> .
By?
I changed! Ethanol and phenom how compare acid strength
hee. chou baobei only today treat u nice hor? drink water ok! muacks
Lol while you at the customs dey.
stuff on transfer Mr budi...please response...
Wow so they're like triple a titles
We have to pick rayan macleran there.
Yeah he says  <DECIMAL> .
Hey yun. ü got lesson in afternoon? After that wanna go walk walk?
He said avoid chem rxn too. messy
Da rchd d flat.. My chechi has a flat here in 'mars'... It is jst opposit 2 ours...
S s
Waa dun kaobei hor
Okayyyy. Going out with ryan to eat beancurd!! Wahaha. At beach road there:O
Ok tues is fine too. I'll be around serangoon north area. What abt you?
Bblp aja aja!!
mrt orchard?
Is there any training tomorrow?
Eh tml movie wanna change to watch all well ends well? Got  <DECIMAL> slot lol
Wth. Raining...
in  <#> . Should be  <#>  mins
Okay... YES. both of my parents will mind. Very very obvious. No need sun can see that kind
*alot
Yups!(:
ll not finish up ur brownie.. Thanx for e brownie anyway.
Hahha yeah no problem.
Haha.. I see.. Good la.. Better than you working at restaurant?
Usual back right
Can check if servisol aero duster  <#>  is ok
No i am nt in mes wen u cal..k u wait for sometime na anyways i vil cal u na
What? What are they doing?
Goodnight love, I love you so so so much! I'll talk to you tomorrow,alright? I love you so much =)
Don't have. Tmr is my no friends day. Both mods no friends take withme! Haha. Btw, do u know any websites that can sell sec hand txtbks?Thinking of getting rid of those which i can't sell in ivle. Haha.
Haha but still... Guilty mah. I said im going with you today but never.
Okay cool.
Hi  my sdule is bz for the next 2 wks, I shd be able to work on it if its not urgent. Pls let me know =)
tomolo got activity, again?
K
I bet you're excited xP
Ok!
You are suuuuuch a stud! Did you fix office?
Yup wat time will ü b reaching...
Lol alright! Latet im going clementi with jm. Maybe we go see see look look?
Yeah what the. Go sleep soon ryan!
Hasu i fel aslp 0nlyn.. S0ry.. N r u stil angry wid me?.. Gusse ko maro g0li n lets play h0li.. Gm mwah
hw is ur day my fren?
K, maga, miss u too..tke care, Happy journey..
Post!
Haiz. Don't know he so particular with the race conditions thingy.Like wat the lecturer said, there's no way to test it out what if wenvr put on server. Okay lah nvm. Haha.
As in chiong back hostel change la....
Can la morning fresher
A night of fun and excitement~~~ mj!!!
Was in science lol. Aye too bad couldn't talk. Haha stop mentioningthe  <#> kg! Must be more realistic lol
Ahh next monday i got outing le. :-(
Haha ya lo but like very lengthy lol.. for  <#> % bo pian! Ya lostill doing marketing lol... u pig lah where got cow lol... wa so sadT.T... nvm I pei u talk lol
CU SAT THEN HUNNY 4 BREKKIE! LOVE JEN. PS XTRA LRG PORTIONS 4 ME PLEASE
Cause I finish sch @ 4plus then eve ask me go np for the campbriefing. U wan come? Haha
Have but I dunno can not
M SIAK KEW. GO back home. or wait for u.
Home le bblp
Hey when is the fyp report  due?
ok, then i come n find u at home later. just missed  <#>
Yup seven pm esplanade.. Pls help me tell xy and ryan ..I almost forgot...
One day a crab was running on the sea shore..The waves came n cleared the footprints of the crab.. Crab asked: being my frnd y r u clearing my beautiful footprints? Waves replied: A fox was following ur footprints to catch you! thats y i cleared it off:) frndsship never lets u dwn :-) GUD nyt..
Dear u still on the train? I take bus come find u?
Haha whatever's good man! I don't really care
Hahaha I meant terrible!! LOL I forgot to reply!! LOL it sounds abitdespo HAHA
take a rest my wonderful baobei!
Yep! Cya :-)
Ok.
Hey friend, have you prepared for the exams? I'm geting tensed up . .
Zao! don't understand how you feel but "I'll stand by you"!
I know! It was pouring tis morning.. anyone there yet?
Ok no problem. Get well soon!
No da. Noc place near PGP. Same as last time
I'm definitely not staying at home like other then slping tmr.
Whthr u tk tat xrx
How are you doing?
want
R u hinting me? Haha. U present lah since u're more familiar. Iquickly input my part for next case. Sorry ar coz i don't have e ppt.
The thing is, people believe in organised religion without buyinginto every aspect of it... plus, lots of churches and things are verychill
Hmmm...wkends lor.... Cos got sch everyday mah... Thurs or fri oso can la, but evening den can...U all leh...
Oh weekend should be fine. Around 2pm?
Hi Sue, thanks for the email.  The rent due for extension to the  <#>th (7 days) is  <#> *7/ <#> =  <DECIMAL> .  I can pay this this week.Desmond still has our security deposit, so the remaining balance canbe refunded to us upon move out (ie.,  <#> . <#> ) or should we make aseparate payment?
Thanx x
Can just go down right?
Let me know when you are up.
I tink at least 8 ppl den fun. U wan I jio sohjie shaohao yuanhan?
Oh wait looking at the handout I think it's zuowen. Omg you're so psychic!
Haha what but you have to reach at 8!!! I'm going downstairs to eat breakfast!
U and sj individual. But imma in grp so I shld be going. Are you
Merry christmas too! That's good to hear, keep it up!
Meet at esplanade at 7pm tm
Mr lee I will be going to the art room at  <#>  today
Yo tmr wanna play mahjong?
Lol dots.Thurs ah.I think ok.
Okay. Can no problem. The due date for my report is  <#> th of oct. Haha.
Okay. Noted with thanks.
Dad came bk... Datz y i cut of d cal... Dnt feel bad... I already ordered dat date rich in one shop 1 mnth b4...
Caw caw... what are we doing?!
ll be there in 10mins
Abit hard ah at nite after a while got security guard.lol.but wan shd be ok oso.
Just come la jeryl sim damn sian liao
Jk la she excused u. Hahaha!
Yo meet  <#> pm cally house.
Ya wat to do. <#>  ovr match wud b disaster 4 us
Tell how going
How are you. Wish you a great semester
Are you peeps studying at the central forum tonight?
Hahaha wait till people scare you real hard then you will scream likemad lo. XD
Hah because the key not with me now.
My ninja teleportation skillz is hax you must agree
Yupz... We all went... Lotsa pple were there to send her off too... Nothin much happen la... How r u over there...
Kk
Yes
err...i dun think so ler...maybe u should ask office n c how they say lor?
Ahh why not sleeping yet? Sigh I gotta plan what to do tmr when you are gone.
Hey so wad time meet
Haha 3?
No money to cut lor... Haha, no la, juz feel lk keepin it until end of tis year den cut short short ma, lk tt den shiok wat...
Haha yeah they are all nice! Hahaha yeap I met her le! Just got myextensions yay! No orange though): haha jyjy! I'm under shelter sodunno if its raining!
Haha yeap home long ago! Its fine!! You said before mah:P ooo icic! Idunno, I only know olympus got one line is water resistant de! Dun trythough haha!! Yes very unlike Hehao XD but I think Hehao's namenicer:D
I have a lot. Hope by 2moro gone
Wow really?? Shall we help him study?? Btw Chester is coming too!
How's your day going?
i at home..
Orh! I leaving hse now. Muggs
Lol ok then i put vietnam since the dates are similar
Okay can
Why annoyed? Yeah gotta unlock hero but every week also got differentflee heroes
Where r u sitting?
Now huh
Going to therapists place now. Will enjoy the nap later... Hee hee.
Eh Woot ok.I dun mind join u for cake scout.
Anything lor... Today can oso...
Haha cool. Alright.
Haha alright. Meet where?
Hahah.. Okay.. Lol..
Yes
I wear so nice play soccer meh? Haha. Don't know leh, he said seefirst. Nvm lah don't bother abt him.
Its effing good so far
Oh Im waiting for bus at kap.
Hmmm, ok. Ü take care too... Good nite....
Okay cool. Thanks.
hey dear , ..i am going to banglore today..pray for me and keep in touch :-)
s ur interview?
Hahaha okay. I got things to tell you as well.
Omg sorry): I just woke up and saw your msg ): how how><
Hey, prolly taking bus down =)
Gls only I guess hahaha
Ns talk!
No,me juz got home from unit run at bishanpark.How come sleep so little,go back to bed then. How r ü spending yr saturday?
U can brew teh at home too =p
How early is dat? U gimme a time.
Have lunch? Just finished mine.  Going grocery shopping with ivy for the office. Want anything?
I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
Haha ya lo still got show to watch! Won't lah won't lah I strongwon't sick! Esp when I din sleep with air con recently lol...
tmr...=)
Hope you are not scared!
Ha
Sureee but wow you sure can swing quite far
What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
Oh my this guy is
Orh! You ah... then I'll hear the sweet voice of my boy tmrmorning.hee. nite nite.
No I didn't! I just got your sms): haha Joel has quzhi's paddle!Later I might go Joel's house make ice cream!
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
E book is in my room... U no nd go w me to nus liao, wawa goin w me... Millian haven eat, u c if he wans to eat...
Oh can you take wed 2 to 3?
She didn't say anything like that. Said she d be there tomorrow also
Lol you are part of it anyway haha
Yo sup?
block diagram solve kar ke
Okay. Thanks. If i've any questions, i'll let u guys know again.
Okie
Y u calld?
Yea. U got watch damien walter? And livewire their handstand andflips too sick le
Hey u left ur charger and hdd at my house, I ask andy tmr morning give u.
I'm just wondering, is thursday still on? Has anyone book yet?
Where you
Wah why not?
Yeah just small chat will do. Yeah more of my side I agree. But you have never really initiated conversations even before I had a gf either. Not really miss I guess. Too extreme a word.
Whose lesson
Okie (:
<#>   <#>
Oh okay.
Bol kya hua
Lol... I asking carol. Haha
Okay thks. Get well soon Mr lee
kidhar
Epudu
Smith now
Lastly, i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u all my heart
Uske ghar wale numbr pe laga d0
Bring tat cd don forget
s seperated... No is 8428390h... 222 wolskel rd spore 358007...So how do i pay up...
Hahaha dont worry it's alright :-D
4pm
chkdsk c: /r
How long will you take for your stuff? Becoz i told tg le but ifcannot make it, then change loh. We can meet like 6pm? I can go buytxtbooks n stuff? Haha. But i'm fine with anything. Hmm.. Shld beownself pick one. If can, we choose another cai lah. Tmr sit closeclose. Haha.
Reached le
Enjoy yourself and be happy : dont worry all the time. Worry never did anybody any good, and it has destroyed many people. It will make you old before your time. A cheerful person with a good attitude will have a good appetite and enjoy his food :-) Sirach  <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST :-):-)
yes
YOU PIG!!!!!!!
Haha no haven't sleep yet! Was just about to finish the last fewpages of the last chapter! Haha secret mcp nature?!?! Oh no!!!! I'mnot going to make you any sandwiches!!! Hahaha are you sleeping soon?
Hahaha okay! (: yeap we can do it!! :D hahaha need see what time ppl come! (:
Haha icic! Yeah actl can just do that!!
aiyo..still have my friends ma..then next week we go with weiyi again lar.ü dance?
Yeah that's why I said difficult to explain! tell you what, aft I seeliwei,I go top up my card then print? Oh wait sophie has printer lemmecall her
Delhi got it.
I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
6pm eh.
<#>   <#>
Huh? I hope the food doesn't taste too bad!! Lol.
Happy new year dad.
K 'l meet
K
let me go ahead and explain everything, i dont want this to stand our way! let's not blame each other bes, i dont want to lose you T-T
interested in clubing today?
Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
Dr. Rathnayake, Dr.Yasawardana n dr.dayasena. All r ent surgents.
Video games, you?
No intro oly..
Hi.im sry if i hurt u in da mrng.it just came out of my mouth.i hv learnt a lesson 2da."if no practice nt 2 sing loud".tc.c u sn brothr.gud n8. RoZi
Wenevr u hav DREAM inside ur HEART, Nevr let it go coz DREAMS r TINY SEEDS, 4rm wich BEAUTIFUL 2MORW GROWS Hav 1derful dream 2ni8..... - via WAY2SMS.COM
m late. Can d/l the ppt from your email. I sent to everyone.
Carlos says he'll be at mu in  <#>  minutes
God I'm so tired... but no naps!
Sorry for shouting
Hi machan,so hw?hope u r busy wit info+, im stdyng 4 cima exams dsdys,thr r sm mr tings 2 do n d prjct,cl u ltr,tc bs
Coming this mon
forgot to inform you that i am wearing a black tshirt with jeans.
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
She's so so so dumb.. Ugh
But I don't get caught! Hahaha:P
Hey! I'll be late, can ask Dr teh open the room if you're there first?
Central transit's better since I know both buses go there
Hi honey. Just wanted to say i love you. Regards
Kinda... I went but no one else did, I so just went with Sarah to get lunch xP
Naughty girl
Hey momma, I love you, have a good surgery and text me after =)
I got wed morning slot. How about u guys?
Hmmm... Dun feel lk goin....
Daddy me n yun go library... Then after dat we go po po hse...
Ya eat le.
Yeap i'm reading it now ps just now sleeping!
Lols I doing tablet
Halooooo.we meeting at nite online for interview yeap? 8 pm?
Red bucket your council campaign picture
But I reaching at  <DECIMAL> !
how is your results?
U going it show tml?...
Col leda
Yeah ohh we only wrote like 3 this entire year, valles' classes didonly one._.yeah i'm in his class! the other teachers are beji dass andvalles ._. Haha mrs soong doesn't have a habit of moderation, I don'tsuppose we will get haha! Nice! So smart haha! It was very similar toyour stats paper hahaha! 2 more!
Rats! No wonder I like u better at night...
Thank you.
Ya lo I also go bah lol...
The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree
Ooo I'm at home!
Cheh... Monday swim/gym?
Sure. When?
Lol ok i'm outside
Ok. Tyty :)
Oh ps afternoon I can't make it.
see the wind and t rain its beautiful:-)
Haha yes tmr! Yay okay I will do my best!!! I want the mug :P hahashould be shiyi audrey and amelia bah! Hahaha like other ppl buy stufffrom exchange de :P wow haha I want to play too! Hahaha so shiok! Incp we will never not have anything to do D:
Are u all going to reply xy's email? I reply first ar. Haha
Okok.:-)
STATUS
hmm can i meet ü on tmr evening in town?
LOL good luck HAHA. mine gonna be worse!
Sorry, some cannot make it so no meeting tmr.
Have to run. Ttyl!
xy:U going 2 bk e tickets for LOTR? Please bk cineleisure.
i cant face dat prob
Ya going later I ask ppl
Oh snap! She's at Walgreens!
Lol hahah it's kayy
I was tinking vid enough alr since other grp also Nth mch
K akka
Yea Hahas thks!
Okcupid: "must like Megaman and literature as much as me"
Yoyo weitieng sorry i'll be late! Stuck in traffic jam><
What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
Lol walk down from your house and buy it.
Ya.. I will be a little late also
Ok. I try do now
Haha.. ok..
Have
Hahaha I'll try! One last episode haha:x Sunday also busy): council stuff):
You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
Laogong. I love you! Oh ya, forgot to tell u.. Edmund they all missed u .haha!
YUP I WENT HOME. HAHA JIAYOU CANDICE, JUSTIN, MW AND SEON WOO!!!!
Ya i also dun like dat one...So flat...Haha u go popular check lor...Shun bian help me check...
Okay I have decided. Cp comp shirt and my black fbt. Haha faint I dunknow what to wear tmr!!
Ph0n kar
s the frame then i will go and meet ü lor. Try and get my dad to fetch
Ohhh lol
Nah not true. Hahas guess I go there to see pro ba
I'm in class. Will holla later
Till what time you guys practicing? Is there anyone who lives in PGPin your group?
"Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what'sright."-Theodore Roosevelt
Sorry for what
Ok sure
Ok (:
Haha gentle nicer la hor:P haha >< that's coz you there right, thenpaiseh say:D haha I was very hyper meh!
I will msg later
But i not free now lei...
Are u and yh going chalet?
Air resistance doesn't depend on mass.depends on density of air,speed of the objects, some coefficient derived from the surface of theobjects, and the surface area perpendicular to the downward force.. Sono diff.  Both fall at same velocity.
He gave ans?
Here is DARREN from the DREAM INSPIRATION.I would like to invite you a seminar on the wealth creation on this coming WEDNESDAY,7pm,63B BUGIS VILLAGE.
u noe still ask ?
Eh ok.lol I haven't tell percy yet.just rmb.
di!!!!!!!! long time no hear from you liao. how have you been sia? jie miss you a lot!
I'll let u know when i'm abt to leave sch.
I. Ask them to contact u ok? Haha. I still waiting for  <#> ..
I also want shaolin but not free at the time it is showing leh T.T...
I wasn't the latest :P it's difficult to keep track of time when noone around you takes chinese! Haha nope some weird group activity o.o
Where your uncle home?
B-)
christmas dinner at ben's hse lor. u mean ur client place u only knowthat day itself? her fb pic quite pretty, just saw it today. haha.
Tu bel kyu bajai yar.. S0ne to do
Like dat clash with my timing. Aiyoh, i got to change date again..
Hi will u be in school about  <DECIMAL> pm
What omg where is that!!!!
Lol idk if i can carry 2 robots :/ see how later
Oh im at clubhouse. Later meeting at lt <#> a. I will be there by 6pm.
Ok.. when? Me glen dam bored now
I heard you guys lol
Ahhhhhhhh where!?
Hmm the lynette is having internship now eh. Probably for now you canfind david. Then I will get information from him when I go astro.
Hahas! BTW I jus realised its  <DECIMAL>  -.- ps
HELLO BABY
Okay
today no need formal rite?
Eh. 530 today... Ü want to go for it?
Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
Read it de.
Y? U there already ah?
Lol return liao. That morning haven't arrive yet then after that lazy put back zzz
Have you found the way there? We're going tampines buy food! (:
nw sitting down resting. n thinking of my wonderful yeiyei
As far as in concerned, a reality in which you aren't a masterfulpianist does not exist
U wan go shopping?
What's the problem with you being silent for so long?
Haha yeah that's why I say very fan service! Haha yay glad youenjoyed the book! Haha yeah unhealthy but oh wells! It's probably mylunch too! Haha yeah._. Haha what time supposed to start! I just gotslippers (:
<#> .amma tommorow pls call prajaad in this number and tell him that we need inverter on 1st may.his mob is switched off.
i am leaving now. maybe i will ask you over icq tonight.
Awwwwwww okay looooo
Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
Just woke up. have your lunch? still blur-blur. take care bye
K.jst leavin d lab.wil b there n  <#>  mins
Oh nice. Okok
laogong reached home?
I not I'm position to say le. But her attitude is Rly wrong. Wat the rest say
Hee. Good morning my burning hot yeiyei!! Morning kisses for you!
Haha what the so fast! Just now what thing? Haha of course very upsetlah haha when I jump that  <#>  I was seriously so damn happy theentire day keep bouncing around the place you know, then he go put<#> , from c become d then silver what the... He can't do anythingabout it, and I dun think he will feel very sorry about it either.What can he give me sia, care and concern? I dun want that from himyucks. Nor do I want extra conditioning._.
Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
Hey love
Hey vincent can I meet you friday 5pm at canteen 2?
CHRISTINE IS OUT WITH SEMI AND JMOK LOL WHY HIM
I couldn't find information for satellites..this mod I think need to such le
The guy from last time band.
Yeah going home. Yesh lor again:))
Ps wrong chat. I signed up so I need to go rite
u outside ma?
Hey fen... Oh my, u r in a relationship? Nvr tell me...
Haha. Can't do fulltime mate.. start up looks promising.. and isgetting pretty busy. Happy to help out though.. we should catch upsometime..
Like after dark late?
Thks!
Oh ok thanks anyway!!
Lite?  No left. Then lite
Hey I meet sj 1st. Later come find us ba
Kayaking ended so fast?
He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
nai...main opnet kar raha ho
When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
Yep I will. It's block  <#> . Near rosyth primary.
Haha just kidding lol. It's fun to stalk people isnt it? Haha
Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
Call me when u can
Baobei reach home le
Rs. <DECIMAL>
Machan I got the wrappers
No responsibility! Lols jk. Kk cya
they will tell u the duration u can teach, 1 week, 2 weeks also gd, better than call u on the day
Hmm...if got 1 person cant make it then no point lor
m free anyday except fri onwards... Ur decide which day wana come lor...
By??
Yarrr! Scary! It took a long time to load then poof! Full liao! Itook Tues 3 to 4 instead!
I was slept that time.you there?
Mr tan, yesterday I have sent you an email with the documentspertaining to the ANE XVI. Have you received it?
1 min
S
What's new lol.
Bout  <DECIMAL>
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;MVS.Rajkumar;;;
TEL;CELL:+ <#> 
X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Lol and playing lol etc
Yeah watching vampire diaries now. Gonna exercise soon. Nointeresting mac games?
Nope): I asked Chester and raghav, then raghav cmi, now asking ryan,but Chester cmi._. How ~ ask your sis?
make a better reputation.
want so manyt ppl to notice her for what ?
Not enough then nvm lah. I dont need.
Leaving now, roads still jammed. Don't wait for me. Sorry.
Den tonite u got to work longer lor..
Hmmm... Din c e aluminium one... Mayb lor...
I'am alright. When u came to here inform me. God bless u
Hey yes, I very much have to buy.. will get for you and Shiv also..
The admin page..
It's like stealing apple
I- movie
<#>
Haha I just got your msg! I went to bathe:P
It might make you feel better! I'm going to rehearsal. I'll text youwhen I'm out to see if you're still awake :)
Oh next week.
s y nvr send...
"Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence..." Gud mrng:-)
Negative on both
Huh... Den help me bring my ic, in e pink tray in my rm ok... Den u wan go ntuc at e same time anot...
ok thanks we have to meet soon u have not started uni yet right how was yr trip anyway i will be starting work tomorrow till i leave will org a meet up soon
Lg wait for u at bus interchange.
u know if china town still open?
Ohh I see. Alright!
Hahaha some cosplay like thing! Haha I guess weiren will upload fast!Haha reach le! Sian semi is just damn sian haha.
For a bit.. around  <#> ish
Hope this doesn't hold for long. Kk goodnight dun think too mch
Yeah?
Ok sure I was checking if u needed a ride to sch. See u then!
A SIMPLE WAY 4 HAPPY LIVING".. 4GET 2 thngs in LIFE... 1) GOOD u do 4 othrs. 2) BAD done by othrs 2 u. hv a gud eve - via WAY2SMS.COM"
meet me at the hallway, have to tell you something about ron and kelly. so annoying. !!
No worries.
Hey machan there is this it tuition job where you need to teach anold guy Ms office. Well paying. Would you be interested?
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ...
Coming back now.
Haha. Kk seeyou!
By??
s DäE!! (. ^_ ^.) dun b shy to admit ür a kid coz i believe derez always a childish side to every1...enjoy ürself ñ relive those kiddish dayz!
Hey did you get tut 13? For eng?
Haha I think I  <DECIMAL>  off le.
Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
,)
Same to u!
main to van main ho
Tell Rahman to call my mobile. He is not receiving my call.
St andre, virgil's cream
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
Home le bblp
Thks alot! Will try my best
Will be in pgp in  <#> . Where?
Karunesh kahan
Aunty,  thank you for the bag,  but next time no need buy thing forme ok? Entertain me enough already.. :)
You back?
Coming not?!
Eh ya lol.like can just post some general stuff.haha.
Can you bring it down?
Hi sorry can we cancel deal? Someone bidded on my item just as I wasabout to take it down...
U want to eat in school or outside.
tink now nobody really doin it rite?
How come? Who angered u
Haha.. Okay..
Yeah,then,next week?
Can
Hui min
<DECIMAL>  lavender
What popular??? I don't see a link! Hahaha manly omg haha! Ohhhh. Lazy! :P
Or u wan me ask e person call u then u talk 2 her? Up to u lah....
wa. u teach me to be naughty then now want to knock my head, so poorthing hor.
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Great see you"
Can u send agilan doc?
Mr tan, I have received this semester's cca point as advisor. Can Ireceive it as the president instead?
Nope not really. I want to find david.
Warner to delhi.
thats ok, dont worry! good night lah;-)
Ha meri bt ho gayi.
<#>  would have taken forever!
Sure will get bigger. Take pic b4 and after.when can Sj and I can gour hse train
Haha is press left or right key on keyboard lol.... very boring arhthis one is the one that got 2nd part 2 hour de... hope the 2 hour notthat boring lol
K thks. So 2moro still meeting at kallang mrt same time?
Next week 1 3 5 free. Sentosa on any one
Yar i thk so... Aiya cheap then buy lar... If ex buy oso no pt... Might as well buy here...
Container lo
It won't let me take more than  <#>  Fuck
Kya yaar
Enjoy yr dinner... Take care. Hope i ll have a chance to meet up wif ü soon.  ;)
There?
Hi, would you be able to come to my place?  We're at The Warren,right outside Choa Chu Kang MRT.  I can meet you at the lobby.   How's2pm?
See lah. Saying such stuff again.
friday i think.-_-
Hi Stewart,  can you help arrange the other two on Wed late afternooneg ~5pm? Also, can you get any photographs of today's unit  <#>avenue to us? Thank you for your help.
Okay thks
<#>
I'm at mu
HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME
I think it's fine (: I can make it! Haha btw Nicole didn't come againtoday! Do you have her number?
Sure see you then
Just live d lyf in d way it is.. It cnt run acdng to us
HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL  1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
Watching movie- 'kudret'
Eh no dont cross
Eh tmr will ü be free to meet up?
cannot la.. long hair not nice.. short hair nicer.. reali... haha.. no la.. still fren..btw.. y dun wan to cut?haha..
新年快乐! :)
Hey Eric let's meet at 2pm tomorrow in PGP .. we ll find a place withair-conditioning and internet
No problem.
ds in before it complete
Yeah help me get a list of people who are interested for the camp. Iwill send you the approved proposal tonight.
Whoops sorry i'm still in lesson i'll get the booklet after  <#> h
Ohh I thought it was last Friday? Haha yup trip to ocs!
Oh no then can recover by tmr morning? If not stay home rest!
Dont worry. Not ended yet. Hee.
I'm fine, how are you? Love you too! We'll definitely get together
Haha.. How much you selling?
Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
Ph0n kar
m still at somerset. U wan go up first? Then u msg me e place.
I'll nt come office 2day, please bring if there is any courier for me.
Hey are you home yet?
Awwwwwwwwwwwww oh well. :-(
Ok set. But mayb his even earlier
Hihi. Pls check ur email.. the final draft is in the dropbox. We'llbe submitting the report by  <DECIMAL>  after everything's finalised.
Would they let you cash a check to cash do you think? Since your bankis here and all
It's okay. Haha.
Hee. Sont worry lg got place to sit
4. Thks
Bac
m sitting at e back now...
S
But if cannot then most probably one person has to come out with oneppt then after done, send to another.
U study now 'l talk tonight
Anything eh hahaha
Wait chikku
Lol...how to go the i3 place ah.
Why the fuck not!
Chem in half an hour!
Haha.. I wana go town to buy medicine in u. Melvin's clinic.. And I want company :)
Nice lol
Haha I fall asleep in exam last year until scared liao haha! LOL noway no way can you imagine if he talk to me in some despo way oh nojust die!!!! Oh icic! Canteen wow:O hahaha if bored then changeinstrument! Hehehe!
s tt...
ll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
<#>
Why?!
Morning! I'm late hahaha!
You spamming messages to moi
s nothin much today lor,i was late too, she.Yupz cya in e lib...
Jason ok, then lyn ok with ur house cause yx will fetch her later.
Okay!
Haha yea :) first time I finish so fast actl. Haha
our network is down, so i will be home a bi5 earlier, around 5.
The rain is making me not want to go. And even if i'm going out later it'll probably be to IT show first
Heee. Yayaya. Juz saw..  <#>  all the way to science park ll.
Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
My sis will drive me there cos she might nd to go sch too... U wan a lift? Goin out w wawa tmr?
Reply kr
Haha dunno! So zao alr? Raghav is here now haha, dun wait for me bahgo off first! Yeap! I'm in concourse!
Hello! Juz wanna wish you an advance happy new year! Hope ü stay sweet and pretty... how have ü been? Haven seen ü for long time.
Yea train urself man
Of course ! Don't tease me ... You know I simply must see ! *grins* ... Do keep me posted my prey ... *loving smile* *devouring kiss*
YES FREEDOM IN  <#>  MINS
Havent mus ask if u can 1st wat. Of meet 4 lunch den u n him meet can already lor. Or u wan 2 go ask da ge 1st then confirm w me asap?
See lo. Eh bring nice movies! Like huo yuan jia
Isn't benzene edg too?
Oh ok I come back and take!
Haha later we go for lunch together eh :D btw do you know if thesch's backgate is open?
Yea lols where u going
Hihi people! Lessons start today 4 pm at meeting room 4 next to hodroom! (: see you!
Bui wat time you reach home?
Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup
Is the source reliable?
nai
<#> ish
me alone
Haha. No one pick up the phone when i called to make reservation butno worries, we'll still meet at 6pm and walk over. Warn u all firsthor, the place no air con de. Haha.
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Congrats!
I still need to get printable transparencies. And a pair of safe gloves to work with the ferric chloride, but i already learnt some stuff about the photoresist developing
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Okay!
Haha okay! Hahaha why you follow!!
Han na..
Haha... Den when u letting me to go to ur room?
Lols who going?
hmm.. cannot rem, but gt papers. i nerd to gi back check for notes
Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
Btw, I was looking for a manga I know in Japanese to practice and oneof the only I could find  was YYH 7!
K set.
Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
Yo
Be like new-born babies, always thirsty for the pure spiritual milk, so that by drinking it you may grow up and be saved. 1peter  <TIME>  Hav a blessed day
Ya. Dunwan
Near lib
Ok
Hee sayang my yeiyei. Washup quickly then u can go do ur tutorial le.Find me when u need a break. :-)  hugggs
Suuuuure
Grads are in  <#>
good night
Oh. Later reach home tell me ba.
We can leave at 1 (:
2nite give u? I outside.. thks!
Yes. Please call when free
u outside? daddy gt fetch u?
Why don't want to wait till chia heng comes back? Haha.
Okay... I havent register yet... Later.
hey, will u be in school tomolo? i get the notes from u
Call cab loh. Haha.
Really? Yay! I'm probably leaving Saturday early afternoon
Yep sure
i din do anything ..
ooo.. must be very happy today. hehh. Now u can put more things inside
Think no more assignment but duno about lect. Anyway will go to school tomw cos got tutorial.
Its this saturday 6pm @ cityhall mrt.
Dotz. Haha.
The t shirt guy?
But he uploaded his  <#>  leh, did u see?
Goddamn son
Oh ya... R u goin to book e theory test tmr, scared no more vacancies...
haha u need meto
call u explain? so
clearer
Hav u reached dunlop
Ohh the sign ups are full): emo!! ):):
Ha ayi to thi lkn fir bhej diya ghar.
THIS CONVO IS NOT MAKING ANY SENSE!
Oic. I'll drop u a msg if i'm going for the interview. Haha. Anyway, thanks.
K can can can can
Haha.. Well, I would say no need la.. But it's up to you.. :)
What you did in  leave.
Thank you darling! Muacks
sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
H
Hey any quiz or test or hnwk?
ll just wait there...
Hey... E nydc one got any reply anot? I wan to look 4 jobs liao...
Did you see that film:)
Kya kare. Age 2 train kharab hui aur passenger utar gaye. Abhi QutubMinar pahuche hai.
Hee. Yeiyei today rest at home.rub ur slpy head. Miss u lots
Nw v r @ hmt
Hmmm:)how many players selected?
How can i go single.
Yupz... Randy n andrew bought drinks... Okie la, not many pple over here...
Haha nope eating lunch! I was watching the sir drama just now! Its fine ~~
Eh we're all going out if you don't have key go to blk  <#>  first
Nope. Only one lesson... Haiyah dont be so sad ask ur dad to pay
Nono later>< I dun have for this week oh no!!!!!
Could they run another petition 2 have William Hung back?
Hee..ok dear. Sort for the wait. U read ur kindle first k.. mug mug
That means this week we have to wash everything.. so you have time?
Wan train 2moro??
see you later! dont be late.. :-)
Uhh i think around 7+ having breakfast first.
Woot u haven sleep! Damn shld send it when I wake up lol
I dont want to hear anything
Have a great night.
So basically U want me to write for the heartalk and wisetalk lar?
Not showing your real face to the public.
think my fren damn blur. Ha...
How they go our rm lol
Yes lol
Tell ya 2nite ps now busy
Please start first.  Meeting Ricky downstairs at 8pm.  Will be backabout  <TIME> pm.
ll be back on fri...
Nah back in sheares. Free
Yes. Yes.my work time is eve 5 to mor 2:-)
Olive Juice :-)
I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
I go prepare myself first... If still not too late then i will go bah i sms u again
<#> mins. We meet macs ok? My batt running low.
Yes. Eh I nid to move my things out...
Tsk.
Is it!?
Waiting for your call.
Lols u all lock me out siaz
Ahhh okok... Get ur sis?
Oh ya. Later i meet you at iluma, probably 6pm can? Lol my classmateswant to go sakae buffet at 3pm. =X
Sianz no one here!
If she wan to come along wat can I do? nvm lar...we jus shop, dun care...
s permitted in exams leh...U can check wif é seller 1st
Yayness
Yeah the show ended after 8 seasons. I am finishing season 3.
Megamind is at  <#> .. that's too late no?
Good morning
Haha!! I dun know if it's open so early leh!
Haha ooo i'm at dover haha super late:P ohh its okay lah! Have dinnerwith your family!
hahaa. that shld make u happy a bit. muackss! later sayang u somemore
Ahhhh okay bah.
kya matlab
n its abt self-confidence i think...
I am going to sleep now
Oh icic...my fren oso wan dat course..ok gd 4u..c u sat den!
Dear you up ?
Wat u doing now? I bot a  bodynits sports bra 4 15  bucks oni...
Yup. Got it. See ya!
After  <#> min 'l give miss call
Hmmm, ok. I got off on the 8th of next month. Hope you will be free for a lunch then...
UNSUB
Hehehe. I DO love it when you're here.
Haha actually these fans are ex because they are meant to be silent
Hi guys sorry change of venue!  <#>  in canteen (:
Yo are you here liao?
what are you doing?
I call you ?
Eh where are u ah
*$* Magical msg! Its called mind reader. send it to 6 people then go 2 ur inbox & open dis msg again & it wil say ur lovrs name. try it. M olso shockd.!
Idk lols cus can't see u climb also.
Just went in right? R ù ok w me gettin é no? Cuz i made sure he asked ù first. U seem preoccupied. Studyin? Which fac ù in?
Haha no one quarrel with you too? Cool! Haha good good ~ dun quarrelis the best! LOL noo! I'd like to do stuff with you!^^ LOL YUCKS!!!Salt on bread hahaha yes my dear I meant on apple!! Hahaha what! whynot today! Try try!
Yup. But think i b late.
Mmmmm ... It was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my Love!! Mmmm fuck ... I love you too, my Lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*
s yr timetable? Anyway u tink i shld bring it to c doc? My sis say will häf disease 1...
So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
don't know why cannot call out ):
I know. I'm great.
m on 51 and i need to get to the ymca at ps. Do you know where i should stop?
Come aft 15 minutes, I be there...
ll help me send mail to em... Haiz, shldn have gone there...
Ok
Haha. I haven't got the time to read the 2nd book. Okay i'll pass itto u man. Btw, i've created a FB acct, u can add me! Hmm.. I'll saymaybe only one out of five sections for the 1st bk is useful becoz itmentioned abt leadership. Haha.
gd nite.sweet dreams
Oh ok sure thing but can i pick the bots up earlier to work on just coding
Wad did I msg? Yuan Wei send one. Erm we going out eat. U wan?
Ha bt jagah nai mili
Daddy la.. Lol.. He didn't check his profile when he check in..
Dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.
Lame! Won't la
welcome back! We look forward to meeting you soon. When are you alighting?
Emindi?
Hey people, I just realised camp is up in 3 weeks time and there areso much stuff I havent do. Can I meet you all on monday 1pm in sch?
Yes this weekend is fine. Which topics for maths?
Wahhs, jiayou jiayou!!!!! I hope you win sth:D
Okay!
Mudkip!! Hahaha are you freaking srs. Mind screw sia then you thinkBarney is a trex or sth! Hahaha so crazy! I think I do better ignoringhim
Ok d free vidu ll get it on sme othr day d
Ooo icic! All the best!!!
Hmmm.... Both choices includes bbq oso rite... Den i thk dun have to book chalet lor...
Softwr
Oh Yo I just woke up!
Oh OK fine.. will update this.. we use the old one to test beforemaking the site live
Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
Don't worry I will come in time and will take our dinner.
Hw to send dis?
What u there for?
On my bus back
A little gay
Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
7 at esplanade.. Do ü mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
Haha what if his friend is not with him?
Sorry for leaving suddenly.. Shweta called :-)
u coming 2 sch tml? 2pm at sci canteen pink table a good time?
When israel was a child, I loved him and called him out of egypt as my son. But the more I called to him, the more he turned away from me. Yet I was the one who taught israel to walk. I took my people up in my arms, but they did not acknowledge that I took care of them. Hosea <#> : <#>  Hav a blessed day :-)
Hahaha ooo where did you get the water guns! Haha yea buy themug!!!!!! Ooo haha I never really eat jelly beans before! Haha uhhkaijie is there! They are a little odd I guess. The guy in bright pinkis some fashion enthusiast!
Please Call Me. Thank you.
HE WASHED IT OFF. AND HE'S NOT FROM  <#>  HAHA
Haha... Ya its been quite hot e past few wk... Other than havin great food... Wat else did u do there? Muz been veri fun...
s repent how?
Hahahahaha if not you go with lynette eh.
Hahaha why not go home!
watch e movie cos I want 2 watch it with u.
Haha. Karen pull string one right? Then do what? Aiya, go there knownew pple loh. What's the payout?
USF
Wtf yuquan dam flee. Keep commanding us to do. He say go find 1 moreperson to join ==
m there for e free hair cut ah? Haha thanks gelek!
Kanna. Im goin 2 church.
Cool! We haven't started yet.. cya!
I m wake.
Yo afternoon yiyun whats today programme? No go out?
Hmm I see. Thurs would be better then!
Ok vedda makali davali
Well, Russia lost like 8mil in combat and dull came out fine... theJapanese on the other hand...
9gaging la. Awhile nia. Parent bought stuff den Bangkok shiok
Hey kaixuan, leo here. Mr kwok got a project for ex students. Heneeds photos of your graduation photo urgently. Do you mind if Iborrow them?
Anna cum da
orh ok..nvm, there will still b chances. all  best 4 ur match! wish u an early merry xmas! ?
Haha.. Can lor... I might go down sentosa after that to interview for the restaurant
Watchn videoz of raywilliamjohnson.
Orh!
Bblp reaching sembawang le
Tell me whos this pls:-)
Yes it was
Ah I am off. Need to do some shopping. Should be back by 4 I think..
Luv u??????????
Ya Lor.. u gt thing u want anot?
i know good places for asian food.
Tml I cant.
Call me when you finished
Treasure hunt? Emo dos I hurt my back muscle. Den wan put Salonpasbut can't cus too sunburn ==
One mah... Three hours... You got something on the next day morning? If have, then eight loh...
what talk is that ?
ok :-D
K..
I dam awake now
Wah bad enough to postpone? All right take care! I guess there is nochance you ll postpone by a week ;)
s not so early lor... Ard 8 like dat...
Haha okayyy
Ask u arh qn <#>  put can use 1 decoder to do u can do it?
Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
by what time you may come?
Hi ricky, what time can we meet later?
Yea our lectures all end at 4pm.
Lol wah okay okay.
Why pa what he told.
Lol yeap.
Staff of placement training in Amrita college.
Lol shut up
What time you free today?
1y, 2y, I think I might have the records for first meeting!
I cant wait to see you! How were the photos were useful? :)
Ok...
Hhaha nope I in np already.
aunty, tmr bbq what time shld i come over?
Will be home in a half hour
Hai, shiyas ?
Transferred
m suppose to brin dove... Hmmm, u can bring oso lor... In case wat i brought is not enuff...
My dear, how are u? I m working now, did not see u online..., just heard that pastor ho has given birth...
yeah sure! (:
Yeah ok, I go over take bah!
Watching vampire diaries!
s ur revision le? got concentrate anot huh? ;)
OK. Dhanya?
Yosh we meeting for lunch??
Babu Aj to metro bhi late hai. Train fasi hui hai.
U ask her if she wan c. Thought u say need 2 set something then will b able 2 c from outside.
Blue with white grip
Never mind i jus asking only, not confirm going also.
cn u vsit us ths wkend?
I see. Ok thks
Ps I mean I dun wan individual. Sry! Grp de I wan!
Lol yeah. Haha i can try to help you with it.
Chances quite high because they need it. But he will have doubts onthe credibility of the company.
now am in tuition
Hmm.. Okay okay but a sidebar might not always be necessary right? Ithink it's just linking right? Hard to say here. Tml your lesson till4pm right? Haha. Imho, the UI is really not that attractive lah.Haha.
Bo bian. Cure pain with pain lo
Lol what sir?!
I anything. Can go home or ur hse
Bedok town i stayback
Will be late rushing some last min project work
Don't make life too stressfull.. Always find time to Laugh.. It may not add years to your Life! But surely adds more life to ur years!! Gud ni8..swt dreams..
Haha okay later eh. I need to buy food for ahma first.
so fast?! coming...
Haha... Yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
K d i am eatin nw
Ok..
Yeah dont mind! ohh alright.
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
How s you family.
Hope you are feeling better.  Going to VivoCity later.   Do you wantme to da bao fish soup for you from Bukit batok for later/tomorrow?
dunno where we will be going to study.
Anyway I got off at bishan! Reaching in about  <#>  mins!
mam scolded me today i am upset:-"(
Ü ready then call me...
Hi. How are you? Did you get the job?
Hmmm okay. 4 then? Pasir ris ok?
I went back sch 1st lols. U won anything?!
Its not m1 or what. Just google. or u go macs ask the person beside uden use ur hp to take photo or something.
What are u doing tonight.Go Geylang eat.
Lol just saw MSN.Thurs how ah got hu.
chap5---2 to 6, 8 to  <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap6---1,3,4,6, <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap7---1,3,4, <#> chap8---unseenchap4---unseen2nd order derivation
Yeap
Okay. What's willing hut? So i say refer by who?
if u busy, maybe we meet next time lor..
s called general electives -quite xtra one.but only can take one subject durin holi.èn got limited choices.
Damn tiring rite...
Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
Later we go together. Come back
Weekend? Maybe not I think.
Chal be
G ha pankaj bru.. Ajkal njar b nai ate ap.. Aur btao kaha pe h0
Hey Eric when are we meeting?
Lol wiki?! I think I can tell you the whole story already.
Haha true true! Ohh wells you got two years to see how its like! Gohome soon? We are gossiping LOL.
Compressed your photo?
Yoyo ppl! Can one of you come down and take the ssef forms from me? Iwon't be joining morning assembly or joining you guys for theworkshop><
Ohh I see. Having dinner at home?
But I tot game theory more fun since its more like probabilty
Iam an actor..
I HAVE NO IDEA
in aviation
Good good
Haha you too^^ won't get lost one! My dad was looking for hiscigarettes just now LOL!!
Lame! Join us la. U will slp de
Ohh yeap! Haha I thought you knew! Haha it's alright la! Next yearwhen you go ns you won't be able to pei me on weekdays also what! HahaI think I might sleep first! Feels like I'm falling sick haha! Dun letyou hug!!!!!!
Cannot u can only marry me =p... haha or must earn alot! I believe Ican! Haha ok arh I dun mind
Ya play till our biceps same size as vj calves den train
I-- bu hao bu hao wo men zou san liao? Aiyo.
No one.
Oh butbut i'm only going down on on since v likely shops close early today
hey... can i ask u, wat's the update video queue used for?
Hee. Love love my boy!! I on train le. My dad drove me to. Cck.. whatshall I get you from northpoint?
Ooo okay! Nia is sick I heard!
Heeeee!!! Laogong also my yeiyei!!  <#>  le must report also. Lub lub u!
U exaggerate about the blue light
Den we go toa payoh walk lor.
star ka kya matlab
Ok. Still 3hours?
After that call
Yup. Outside sr2
Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
No. I'm done now
Rechrg ka b0la tha papa k0
.Oh k k..
I m waiting
Haha good point! Haha I don't know I think I am): haha good^^ hahadun always stuck to the internet not healthy! Haha orh I will!(: youare in pes a or b de? Haha this is damn random haha!
I can!
I wish nt to get d msg frm u tht wh0 am i..
Where u? I nid leave asap got Pe at 3
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we didnot sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."- Anne Bradstreet
Meet u outside pl6?
No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
Ha b0l
Lyn asked wad time??
Uhh what type of relays + send list kthx
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU & I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people & u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
I have no idea le. I will call u at night
You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
Wait what no
Haha yeap raghav and Chester! Haha okay okay! So how what thing? Ohhlater tell you! Yeap he is!
s hse...
Hey.sorry for the late reply shld be tmr at about 1pm. I'll checkwith the rest then get back to u..
I'm asking Chester and ryan coz vivien say cannot I think! They dunhave to come for the dinner right! I'll let them know?
So tml Jeremy is on lol jx going?
I ll bee there in  <#>
8pm?
I got borderline pass fail all the way till A levels then got an b3in the end, probably due to the topic. Try to find sample essays oncertain impt topics, read them. That's probably the best way to'cheat' and do well.
Okay send to me when you are done.
ve reached there liao... Weather damn hot too, miz australia...anyway, enjoy ur diet regime... :)
Meet where
Lol didnt. Im so lazy to crack already
My pay was $140, once a wk, 2hrs. I check net for price range. Sms u later.
Wait d! Cmng!
Where u? I nid leave asap got Pe at 3
Yeap sure (:
We wait 4 u at starbucks coffee... Near the other big macdonalds. Tokyu one close oredi...
I will. Can we come over?
nvm
Hey do i send ur Coa for u?
Eh wanna go mango shop first?
aik kiat here... thiswill be my new hp no....
Haha maybe coz less ppl bah! It's fine haha they bojio me haha emo! Ijust wanna play with you and maybe my bro!
i dint tell you anything so don't burst out on me now:(
s house or restauratn?
Ulu pandan is fine till fri. Thanks.
Yea ask the rest?
Oops xP
Oh... It was fun... Juz came bk yest... Bought lotsa snacks bk... Haha, u wan some...
t buy anything on this trip.. u want to play mahjong next monday?
I may not be going today :/ too much work to do
Coding is enough
Ok. Wait
come our cafeteria
Hi Ricky, can we meet you tomorrow at  <TIME>  at your IMM branch?  Thanks.
Haha dunno her she want de... lol relax! Not ur laptop fault is urinternet... dun blame ur poor laptop lol
Hmm I think ok ah, but scared spread eryi haha! I think I'll just go! (:
Hi...Lea...Can intro...
Is the ftdi with you or in lab?
Well just don't make too much noise and stuff :/
Haha yeap! Whoa really O.O I didn't know can change de! Its not verynice to change leh like manipulating like that! Haha yeap until 5! Butmight be eating dinner with abbie they all tonight, coz they flyingoff soon, you can join if you want! (:
3 realities of life: 1.U tink abt dat prsn a lot whom u r tryn2 4gt. 2.U hurt dem d mst whom u luv d mst. 3.U fight wid 1 4m whom u ve mor xpectatns. Isn't it?
Haha yeap I am! See you!
Bring change luh. Eh camp  <#>  just end you gonna go overseas you shitting me
Okay then nvm loh.
Ya
No table lei
Dont know you bring some food
BABE !!! I miiiiiiissssssssss you ! I need you !!! I crave you !!! :-( ... Geeee ... I'm so sad without you babe ... I love you ...
we will meet at 4 pm.
Pls dont tell to any one.
=) People lah, who u think i talking abt haha... Study lah...
I see. Later going?
good morning! i'm sorry i can't make it to the appointment at  <#> pm today..
Hor hor, nvr greet me good morning! Haha. Okay can. But btw, do uknow that rd 1a ends tmr? But if u still want me to help u go in andbid, also can lah. Haha.
I still doing.. Intend to reach 10 plus.
hi...are u coming back 4 dinner tonite??
Hey so  <#> pm at leo's house. See ya !!!
I'LL IN MY ROOM LOL
2dy at wat time u r cumng anna?Let me knw.Bye.God bles u
Confirm expo mah hahaha lynette checked already?
Ok... if you self collect lor.
<#>  is for both? Haha.. I thought we just gave them watches... shecome back already ah
I WILL CAL YOU SIR. In meeting
hey..interested to go pubing tmr?just drink.i dun dance1.do ü?maybe at zouk or centro..
Yea?
Already am squatting is the new way of walking
Ok cme at 8
<DECIMAL> ?
ohh sig. Fail.
Hahaha
Khelne chal0ge abhi?
Nxt week weds would be fine thanks
m wearing blue shirt n black pants.
I asked if can stay out after 12... Cannot
Eh wan fight izzit? One on one
K go Tamp gym
Then who dat three
Ok!hee
Alright thanks.
Lol at home. Im going expo later.
Yeap at central le u ready to go but u ready to eat?
U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
Then? You want me to tell him that?
U attas lor.  U choose la. I waiting near macs.
I cannot open the bevel part file u send me....do u have theweblinks?...maybe i try  dl myself..
Sorry in meeting.. will talk later
Bye!! (:
Hahaha
Haha coz just now slacking in wensin's room, then I said I want toleave first haha so I came down by myself first! Haha I haven'ttouched since last week! Last time it was on was when you used onMonday:P shouldn't have brought to hostel haha! haha yay!(: pat back:Phaha okay but I dunno how to ask him! Tmr lend me your phone I sms himHAHA.
Ok. Wait
Nice
Huh... My sch start but i dunno anyone yet, din join orientation... Lunch at marche or somethin...
Just nw i came to hme da..
Lol yeah i posted the link before
Hi Ricky, can you get your people to take down the air con blower inthe 2nd floor old MBR? The electrical folks need it removed ASAP?Thanks!
Haha oh wells:/ morning! Sorry I didn't wake up to my alarm, everyoneelse did haha:P pat!!
Waa den Joel how. Yh going too?
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
Ok!! Kisses for my wonderful dar. Feels so happy thinking of u
<#>   <#>
oh.. hmm i completed  the intro scenes but cchanged the speech quitealot coz the hearing aid actually nt very big. plus i couldn't copythe picyures frm google doc. then for scene 1, u really wan the man todo weightlifting?it's a car phone and cannot ring if not connected tothe car battery..
Yayyyyyyyyy yessssss wahahaha
WAH SIAO LIAO
Yeah maybe:O hahaha they always do that when i'm at home! but pastfew weekends dun really bother hehe!
s time. :-)
Dun open!
Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
Yup
Haha she postponed it, supposed to be chengyu test though! Haha thenit will be "Xueyisays lovechesterttm":D
U writing for ms lee?
Toshiba got gd battery life, fujitsu  HDD got minor problem, HP is not bad but the weight
Chadoin.
Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it
So many...  Okok, u continue waiting, I do my work first.
Have u finished din? Foto sent 2 baba. Scan n email 2 them. Good nite. May God bles u.
You will wake up one? Then it serves the purpose ma. didn't you sleep early?
Gh0o khale mamu
s tt... Black black one...
If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to
Awesome, text me
Haha oh shucks! Surprise him another time then:P haha he said theynot gonna use the retest liao haha so those who did it just wastedtheir time o.o haha quiz is at the end of lesson I think!
:/ they're gonna shut off my phone any day now...
Ya sure... Should be OK
Yeah how I wish I could have koi now. It would probably kept me awaketo study all the way till night.
Did it eat its own mount? Lols I tot the process quite long de
Lol I sound like a clown. Haha. Erm I tmr got 2 assignments due. Sotoday wun be free. Sorry.
What time you off work? Maybe we eating at xinghua, beside the soyabean shop.
Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
Hi Andreu,good morning!  <DECIMAL>  Deposited. Dady asks when u'l be coming. May God bles u. Bye. Have a nice day
Okay im off to work le. :-D
Reading e papers lor...
Official tour.he spend a late evng party with dileep the guy he refered and now in qatar with oman insu.so he says lot of construction happening and so on.
Not aligning properly
m in the office of .
Yettie hw na
Sup?
Now gg for my next lesson..school end at six. why lei?
Rem t guy i told u last night? Think i need ur boyfriend help...
Yea okay later. Cya imma sleeping now
Oh you need to press shift f <#>  at the bios screen.
Hey billy! Did yuquan tell u bout the samc? Are u doing with us? Nidto sign up soon
My break is ovr
Will reach in  <#>  min
Haha so considerate my gf~~~ so touchy touchy~~~ must save money tomarry u next time de leh lol... wa I wanna watch sob sob sob
Hahaha can I give you another :P I don't want so many :P
I see... are you feeling okay?
I was in a weird underground restaurant, now I'm at Jeff's lol
Get used 2 it. Welcome 2 womanhood.
Lol that's what the website told me. And I remember it's near the supermarket.
Ok Andreu. Goodnite. May God bles u
No prob! Hahas when wanna meet lunch agn? I wan so shirt too lol!
Haha yeah:/ but I want to reply! Haha actl no I still want to talk toyou in person more, phone and sms 比不上! Haha no I left wensin's roomfirst so i'm studying now!(: yeap looking forward!! Hi hi!!
got it! thx...
May i know ur handphone number
I'm awake
Hehahehahe.. U knw da main story btw. U also knw sm otha secrts
Oh icic! Haha no idea:P haha you come find me lah! Haha he might bemy teacher next year for all I know._. Haha ooo what thing! Hand upnow? Haha yeah so retarded right. Haha why that name?!?!
So? Also not take off pants
hey shuz, long time haven heard from you. how r u? everything ok with you?
work right?
I will meet someone at 3pm
.vcadfu
Have a nice day
Apple
Haha ok!(: I turned my com off le!
Hahaha so random omg so you managed to sneak in!? Nice! Hahaha yeahcool! Go plan!!!(: hahaha I'm replying now coz I woke up!
A blessed new year to you and your family in the name of our mighty lord jesus.
But yeah, I figured you'd be glad just to hear me playing around,it's the only way to get good after all, aside from being a naturalvirtuoso like you
Good girl! Love u
Yoyo so later how!
sci
R u slpt?
added you to a list which have special friends
Okie^^
I find tt my lifestyle getting more n more luxurious leh. Morning iwake up, i use my p hone
laogong! go yhere and come here safrly! muggs
Track pants?
Nope sorry I'm going to be late!!><
How cheap... 30, 40, 50...
Apparently someone's doing a thing on conlangs monday.. huh
Ok lol
Just now went n show da .he didnt ask anythng.just general outline of d program. He didnt check my output also
Pls do. Keep in touch
Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
Sorry I got dinner le.
hey i remember i already got something on on mon night..So sorry hehe..
Ok
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
millian no. buy 5 big ok loh
Aunty weihao just left my house :-)
That is wondarfull song
Happy chinese new year!
Hahaha so sad! Liu doesn't want to return my retest ~_~
Yeah for sure!
Ah OK.
Jyjy!
Joey: hai! care intro neo
Heh some connectors and beams. I can prolly return on friday
So how? Any news from your gf?
White
Hai
ll definitely get into round 2...
<#>  shld be fine.
<#>
Call me back
s a little tight though...
Ohh aiya one week. Dont think bout it!
wt r u doing?
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ll reached at ard wad time? ...shd i wear anyhow or nice?
Hi do u normally study alone or with friends?
Whats your msn?
Lol
You will be in the place of that man
I think we died from the singing SORRY HAHA.
Oh? Think so bah lol
Haha fell asleep le! Morning! I'm sick too:P
Wah okay very far.
U can call now...
Yea sent him alr. I jus got jonathan's. He anyhow one... The usefulpoints overlap with the ones in ppt le
HI, HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR. :-)
Haha OK :-) told!  Want anything from Surya?
Hey.. Good morning.. The exam is at  <DECIMAL> PM right? Its the same exam hall I guess.. :)
oh coz want to get it done soon mah.. u want to meet me at career center tomorrow at eleven?
Yup.
Ya! Must go ar
Hi...any females here? Cheers, Kovai
a bit broken heart but nvm lah
Sorry din c ur msg just nw, i only go to 2pm lecture later...
hey are you still awake? I am very bored now... free to chat?
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Albero purchased P $260k Ng T H from B90 drop to B74 Fri carry 52.5. 1 whole yrs can not win. wet ever won 1600. hoping newspaper do not rec
Not that. When can I take clothes from your room?
Where
Loll your mom will never let.. we can do the random stuff next week..
m too shagged fr driving n shopping to go blading at ecp tmr.. Dun mind we change to another day? Hee
i wait 4 u in hostel call me when reach...
What are they taking about?
Really... K k, i go back and check...
hey are u meeting us later?? we go buy the tics first..
Im done hiding. :D
Yup on the way..
So I am meeting u tmr at 2 pm right?
HAHA WE ALL DO. THIS IS WEIRD
Okok
Well I mean if you couldn't we'd get about Amtrak ticket orsomething, they're just really expensive
Tina, leh intro..?
You too!
m not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
LOL WHY ARE YOU SICK!!!!
Are u free tomorrow at 4pm?
m done oredi...
Still so early. Everyone cfm stratgic one leh. Haha.
ll go mail u now...
umm
Okok
I wil tel 2 ma frnd.. & i wil tel it.. K
Haha what did I do? I didn't enter until the last two sentences! Theysleeping le!
ya see ü soon... must really meet up!
Waste ..i think they bought for low price like saha:)
i love you dear missing you a lot
Ok sure sunday  <#>  is fine.
m 17 yrs old , frm iph female ! Pls sms at 016 5419814 . Wanna chat ?
Go cut hair 1st. Nth to do oso
Good morning! :* I'm in the gym woo!
Orh! My phone says take bus from paya lebar. But my mum says that'slike during her time LOL dunno about now!
Ok!!
Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
Excellent! Wish we were together right now!
Hi Yeng Chin, as per my email, the repair is finished already.Please Premier the  <#>  to my account today if possible. Thanks!
Yup.
Haha both also can. talk to u better than watch tv right. u haven'teven reached  <#>  yet what old sia! actually u look younger than Iplctured! What abt me lol
What!!!!! Haha omg LOL he's not botak lah hahaha but he'll be soonhaha sad! He looks funny ah)))):
Ahh sorry i'm not going!! And i don't have extra slippers sorry):
Ya my mother say one but if you all can.. Can come my houseplay mahjong la but confirm w your parents first
Haha then I should open my laptop and pretend to look into my screen eh lol.
3cos^2x = 3/2 + 3/2 cos2x. Transformation is scaling in y-directionfollow by translation of 3/2 in the +ve y-direction.
Yeap! The one you sent ytd!! It was like  <DECIMAL>  hours T.T
No milk tomorrow in block 2 flat 1110 Smr fountainhead
pretty gd ans
Wth which day...
K:)k:)
Sent them books x
Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
Hlw seena.. I'm sunykriplani frm eby.. I hvnt recievd d pr0dct yet whch u shipd.. Plz search whn i'l gt tht
I recieved it, Mr lee
lg get home safe hor. i go bathe first. call u later.
Yuxiang's doing something else. Truman they all arent here.
Oh.. Can request for soft food on the packed food list!
Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
If a day comes whn u find a better person than me, just remembr dat.. 1. Wat i gave u, is d best of wat i hve, 2. Wat i m to u, is d best i cud be :) takcre
Aight, I'm about to shower then head over soonish
Up to ya. Meet back gate at 2
Oooh nice! :-)  I just lazed around, watched tv, played games,checked out my new modules, helped wash dishes etc, chatted with gfand took afternoon nap. Normal day ;-)
Good Morning. Sorry but yesterday we went back later . Mom tt ok cardiologist
Cus yest celebration night den nvr go bacj. 2day my mum ask me go back
kardi ha
Hahaha ohh poke the gan!
What about project.
Okay.
NaOH in ethanol reflux is wat
Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
Kya hua?
Hey what u doing?
Hahaha she damn cute la! Ohh btw ryan ask if you cab master thestrumming pattern for I'm yours! (:
ve from 37 degrees... Thanx... Hee...
O.k im 25 chinese ... Rin r ü working or ...
Wtf den can work?
Mis u da
Love u see u soon. Going to move the mattresses against the wall and clean up a bit.
Okk (: ryan's coming along, if that's alright! (:
Yeah omg why!!!!
For kkri
Haha yeah I think build up over past few weeks bah:x
ll buy e present? :) thanks! Any idea on where to go?
My area seem ok mah. Ok i got to go out liao, i call u at nite k..
See where we eat first then say lah. Haha.
Morning... what trap?!
Meet me after I complete this task.
How to convert cyclopentanol to petanoic acid
Wha buying new car?
K.k:)
Nah. I ll just walk to PGP. PGP then..
Ok, great job.
I THOUGHT IT WAS A BOX OF CUTLERY
Nope, that's it. :-) thanks
That means from february to april i'll be getting a place to stay down there so i don't have to hustle back and forth during audition season as i have since my sister moved away from harlem.
Heh sorry ah. So you decided to add more rings to your collection?
Yeah imma come over cause jay wants to do some drugs
Yoyo! My dad says if want to eat prata tmr need to reach ard  <#>coz  <#>  is the last order o.o how??
Lols! Eh weds wat ur all doing? I dunno to go not le
Haha omg!! whoops hahaha so who did he think chibi was instead???Hahaha omg!! Haha see you are so nice to me haha! Morning! My oldestcousin is  <#>  years older than you! And unmarried! :o
ll thk of all sorts of funny things.
I brought bang with me to sch but I nvr bring poker cards leh, u athome? If yes u bring? Cause I lazy go home, cause the bus stop at nearfab's house.
Hahaha show offff
Get. Over. Your. Self. lol!
Should be, y?
Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
Yup...Mit u at body shop
I isolated the problem to both roboexps. Apparently the values are returned at high speeds but the sensors lag before updating the value (so it's not the communication). And somehow only when the pwms are running. Looking for a workaround will get back to you.
When you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. Right?
Der
Yeah 6 eh. Got u me hl cal jm and van
I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne.
Ntu engineering. U? I wanna appeal to go arts n social...
Sure
I call in 10 mins k.
So did you get the zara shirt:D
Hey rest well!
Dei.. jackass.. you serious /
m coming home now.
very bored...
Lol tell them your usb ports sometimes not working. Your keyboardsometimes cant type anything until you restart com. Your screen gotsometimes flicker when watching dramas.
Right! Holy shit is he scary
James: GDATE HI
Hahaaha ya im too full already.
Helo ji helo:-D
Wa change so fast... I tink better not say yes first wait u changeagain... it fair also hao see see wth is go there squeeze only lo
Bus  le bblp
I was horribly mistaken! I may just not do it.... I never got the                                 keyboard paper :(
dear i on car le. nw waiting my sis
Ok but not so early
Boo silly! Lol.
Kyu
STATUS 9RA3ZAQC
XP
That day ü say ü cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? Do ü noe how much is a hair cut?
"Wearing vertical stripes may emphasize bulges instead"
Crazy defntions: 1.Laziness? Asking lift 4 morning walk 2.Craziness? Get blank paper xerox 3.Honesty? Pregnant women taking 2 tickets 4.Dehydration? Cow giving milk powder 5.Fashion? Lungi with a zip 6.Hope? A  <#>  yr Old person purchasing a life time sim card 7.Fact? Ur smile 4 my sms
Oh lol I tot u and wq go eat only lol
Chl quot walay msg ka ans likh ra hun
Mmmmmm.....
Lols imma eating now. Mayb later
Got it. Thanks!
Hokay sounds good! And I'll reply soon =P
Btw i got  <#>  in chm
MIKE where u frm?
Nimbh nai aayega kya?
Heehee. I wear weihao's helmet.Good good. Take Med then can sleep already
t get u
miss you and love you
i am very angry with you today:-@
Can buy 2 packets of food back?
Hey, chun min sent an email to ask u all to read a short letter shedrafted for gavin's parents. Pls read thru and comment if any.Thanks!
always smile
6 true facts still hidden from us: 1.  <#> % of people in Australia dont drink milk. 2.Snake's vision is upto 5km. 3.A man can touch sun if his body is completly surrounded by mercury. 4.No twins hav been born til now in greenland. 5.Zebra doesnt have liver. 6.All the above details r false. Thanx4 belivng 4a while,Today is not april 1. But fool is fool at anytime
Eh... Den tmr when will u b passin me ur kids...
Lol
Lol what lover. Help me get honey green tea.
Ndp anna
Yeah xP it's so obvious too xP
Eh can ah.haha.like tat means I must bring laptop oso.Sian.haha.wat time meeting?
Yup...me 24 f ch.
Research 3rd and national instruments award (?!??!?). LabView sialah
U keep it in mind
Ok,meet you there at 8.45pm, because no taxi and it was raining
Lol weird, haha.
Cause u love me :)
The bug guy came and said we can't go in for  <#>  hours soooo uh don't
Next stop clementi lol. Where to find you guys, that's more important >.<
Hi guys. This is a mass message to everyone. Meet at burger kingsuntec below the fountain at  <DECIMAL> . Please don't be late as thefountain show for Ambrose happens at 8 exactly. Ambrose will be lonelythere by himself as I'll lure him down. Please try not to run intohim. Details will be updated...did u get this msg?
Life is like an onion
Woot... I bet is ur test got full mark or something lol...
My lesson end at 4pm.
Not sure le. Mayb u can ask Mr lee wee yan
Hey I just sent Mr lim our handout and ppt alr. It's forwarded to uall. Yea so jus take a look
It's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?
CALC NOW? SERIOUSLY? LOL
How long does it take to get it.
V didnt start yet d..goin to start
Yes dear
Lols I can't see u
How are you?
I already apologised for what I have done. Why cant you do the same?
Tml submission! Lol... I forgot the time but shld be  <#> pm...that's y tonight discuss lol
Thanks bro =)
Eh i think i am free on mon nite... I will confirm with u asap k?
Hey any quiz or test or hnwk?
Call me when you wake up! Goodnight (:
Think no problem.
Kk ttyt
But i told you it was only ten plus plus! They told me it was ten....i fell so cheated..!
Hahaha that's what everyone says about guys!
Hey after lect you can come my hall if you want to...
U guys having dinner soon? I just got back to loft, bathe and changele go find u all, cause just now bit drenched by the rain.
Yeah I check tmr okay?
2 min bhai t0ilet me hu
Haha ya lo! Later we meet  <#>  min earlier outside the lec lol Ibefore that got lab
Ffffffffff
ll meet fri lo.if not èn c how.i tel ü on tue.hee
Just starting? What time did u wake up?
Ugh.  My mom is getting on my last nerve.  I will b home in a few.  What is it about?
Ooo thanks!
she is dancing with the boys and girls
Ok..m cmng n bike..
WARGH BANG BANG BANG
When u all leaving? I tot eat out
Bus so dum dum haven come yet .
Hahaha.. dammit, two more days, leave OT alone for two days =P
Grind and grind. Lols if not u lose and lose also waste time
Yep sure :)
that's good.. her memory got  recover? so what was the cause? dunnoyet. need to buy an engagement present for ben's sister tmr.. u?
Where are you all? Im at marina square eh.
Let me ask you the same question.
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Sudhi jyotsyan TEL;CELL:+ <#>  X-CLASS:private END:VCARD
Yes hahaha!! Check online!
In favor of "THE SECRETARY, THE INSTITUTE OF CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS OF INDIA".Payable at DELHI.Amount 6, <#> /-.
Hey can come earlier?
I go out and the whole family decides to go out too so I get a free ride (Y)
Watching my show. Not ignoring,there just isnt much to say to that.
Ü come lt 25 n pass to me lar
Nice xP
Interview:)
We bot a juicer... Then we wan 2 make juice but both of us too lazy then ma say ask u to  cum bk n zha... Hee...
From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
Haha. So telepatic.
You study wat course?
Oh is it LOL so sudden! Hahaha omg I don't like the stalker ticker!It's just plain creepy! Haha ok I promise to do! Tomorrow pass to me!
Any one wanna chat?
HI GALS,I CALLED PASTOR HO;PASTOR LI SAID TT WE CAN VISIT HER ONWED EVENING THIS WK.PLS LET ME NOE WHETHER ? CAN MAKE IT ANOT?THANKS! From Huimin
Call
ll go b a waitress...
Haha isnt that it? If you gonna ask me to die every now and then, Ithink it's quite hard for me not to die right.
Sim lo lol. Her exam ends at  <#> am then fly over to meet us.
Paiseh leh. We already have 7 pple.
I be goin from hm. Wat time n where to meet?
At bugis. Walking around.
Lols she nvr come la
Den u go there find urself lor.. Basement lah, below e extension.
No thanks lol.. just come in!
Ah? No no.
I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
s interested?
K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
Hey:)
Andrew i managed2 record on the computer. Thanx
Wer r u?
K k!
Sure. No prob. U reached home le, let me know.
Good nite. God bless u. Sleep dreams?
Where u
u coming here by mrt or bus??
Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
Hi Eugene here sorry I will be late, which part of art we meeting at?
So dont use hook up any how
Oh u decided ah
Haha >< okay >< i'm v scared if ppl get angry with me de ><
Don't know wat entity one. I'll most probably try coding outside theproj first.
Same, I'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs
Gratz! This weekend staying at hostel
Mr lim there will be an art exhibition, partly by he ning, tian ranand i. Don't say bojio. Jio you now!
enjoy ur day..
Lol got facebook and year book.
Hi :) shall we all meet around 5 at the com1 first floor where we met last time? Also, i booked for  <TIME>  pm for  <#>  min on indriya. Cya :)
Id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
No my blankets are sufficient, thx
Hey love, sorry =(
lg, u gt chanhe anything to editor?
Hahaha that man
Yeah. And gave a sob story on why we couldnt find out
Ok. I asked for money how far
dear dun forget ur meeting wif virginia!
Hey better study! Ok we go after ur a level!
Dajjal wil hv one eye !
Okayy
Not sure yet ... But if meeting most prob after 9 ... Maybe we can meet for dinner or lunch lor ...
Oh no =(=(=(
oh ya btw... ur hair colour looks nice gal
Ahh sorry sorry I'll be late!! about  <#>  like that then can godown:/ should I go there by myself?
hahaha..hey, MERINA is my name. ok, female. where r u now JORDAN? malay?
K let me just get some life insurance on u real quick.
darling yyei go slp le. Misd u noe, kiss u tml!
I wont do anything de.
Oh... Thgt u rent out oredi... Cos u said u stayin at toa payoh...
Eh hi! Ask ü smtg k? issit a MUST to have our prov driving licence on e 1st day of our prac lesson? Reply soon.. Thanks!
<#>
then  echo into a log, then u  can  publish into a log and make a movie
<#>  minutes
<#>
Okay.
Vil cal later
Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
Haha! o course! Did u see derel too?
Hahaha so sneaky XD XD
I m waiting
Huh? Din see sia... eh wanna eat lunch or eat ourselves
Lol <#> % of auntie looking stuff.maiiii.hahaha.
U noe when we haf to hand in lsm1101 pract report? U done? Wat did u include?
Everyday I wait for ur txtBut everyday u just 4get,if u do that againI'll jump from the TRAINWhen it stops :-)I wil take all sleeping pills& throw them in the dustbin;-)i'll hang myself from the fan& clean it:-P And finally,i'll take a knife n cutan apple 4 myself as i get tired of doing all this stuff.Stop Smiling I m serious! :-/
Yup
Hey... So how life in e uni?
Wahhhh :( do you want to dabao for your dear friend here. His lunchtime is at  <#> pm, where he will get no seats in the canteen.
Nice
hci survey  <#>  B B A 3 6 1
Aiya. Again again!!her
Where is that one day training:-)
dear i go tutorial first..
Huh so late... Fr dinner?
ll pass to me when she comes by, most likely within these few days
No mumber.
Tie I not sure. Just bring in case
Have you seen the match yesterday?
Dubl
m in e tunnel....
No lah only 8 row leh where got tedious lol just need to convert fromdecimal to binary
Sorry my dear sister i was not able to come to your birth day.
=D
Mo
Jm because of exam
That's awesome! I'm on mi break
australia ke elawa aur bhi jagan ab ho raha ha implement..BROADBAND POWER LINE
Waa. Erm I help u find
:D and a happy new year!!!
Yay ok.hahaha.
Ya... Told her liao... But anyway e lect is quite empty lor, last wk still got lotsa seats... Haha, everyone pon...
Yo I was reading and gathered that Vs move up to T in English to getmaking it something which is why you don't get past making and stuffif you've got modalsmasks in T. However, I have no clue what to do with the Romance part
<#>
Then don't SU lah. Nolah. I got A-.
Ok...i call u tml morning when i reach sch b4  <#>  then see how...ugot mouse too?...haha...
Goinga
Ok. I'll give optimum <#>'s casine a try too, mayb go for a 4lb one
No idea eh I asked them to choose
K
I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
Yeah I should be able to, I'll text you when I'm ready to meet up
Haha that's so cool!  <#>  extra! Oh no I left the class with itsitting there, go back sure gone one haha.I wanted to return theextras! Haha yeah now break (: ooo I was chem rep for 4 years and perep in year 3, then now biochem rep!
Help me look out 4 tubes ah...
Hihi sorry sorry!! I totally forgot! Can I pass it to you tmr morningbefore  <#>  or after  <#> ? where can I find you?
Lopsided. Gimme one minute. I go toilet first
Y r u askng?
LOL
Hahaha ya la. She go check my phone, now I want to go back to sleepalso cannot.
U got it
Lol wad kinda meeting last for 4 h? Mayb he jus hates us
Letters of rec
Kk
Ya chikku..wat abt u?
ve decided already, then inform you k? hehe...
Wat ? I dnt mean tat !!! I mean tat ur a mre than a gud frnd 2 me.. If i luv u i wil strightly 2 u.. I hav tat guts....
Okie... u want the chicken?
Im at chalet eh.
Cineleisure.
Hey...paiseh...i broke my toenail..dun tink i can run in the morning liao...
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Kahan hai? Raipur aa gayi?
erm.. tell u wat. u add ur slides thrn send me.. i add to urs.otw toschool nw. ps
Hey ps sohjie no printer and signed his form le...
Nice nice. Haha I don't know why your name and number sound so familiar
Daddy fetch me today?
Ok
Very cooling leh. I finally done my Coa!
LOL GO WAKE HER UP:D
LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
Yes by today for sure.
Hey Vincent, are you free tmr?
Psps!!!! Thanks anyway!! And did you see my other sms???
Lol what games!!!
Dood can I come over?
Hahaha alright good night!
Ok
Now im at kadawatha *Activate Rugby Alerts! Type Rugby & Send to  <#> *
Mast
No...ll giv u a call naa...
Piong!
Sorry. My line still not ok. Tonight I try again. should b ok d by today.
I missed lab
y ü got ask?
Yo! Please reply to Eric
House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  <#> th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..
Also where's dobby at
Sorry
Wah. I no rain wait until got rain leh. Haha.
Thx, rec.it alreadi.  So did u get anytg fr. Japan 4me? ;) Duo hv nvm 2 coz my sis gg Hokkaido nxt wk... Congrats on getg job! u
LOL YOU ARE PIDGINS
Oh yeah understood. Quite cheap eh now
Anna pls buy me 3 plasters wen u r coming.. Baba's pinger got cut..
ll be in e room inside comp lab... Furthest front left of that room...
Ya..
At home eating lols!
Haha so finish le arh? So late lo... scare not enuff sleep for tmltutorial T.T... wait cannot get up again lol... haha can watch wif uagain quite nice... got arh half an hour lol
Vettori now?
No no your description! Haha ok then! Chem major quiz today._.
Aa gya
Hmm where is tat ah.lol.basement there ah?
s u .. Not me ..
What take u so long sms my hp no
Yeah lol.. they sent my credit card to my mom -.- Monday I'm gonnawrite myself a check and cash it lol
Hard laaaaa
Oh oh. I dont know if cally or anyone else got get her present eh.
Kkz cyaaa
hey, when u back sg? very sien ler...
Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
Tom u coming to school?
I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
Hey I going sohjie hse tonight. It's 5mins walking dst frm railway.Can fetch me 2moro frm Bukit panjang
Haha how you know he at sim?
=P sup?
Baba'l need a drink bottle. B4  <#> th she can buy one. May God bles u
Ah very easy 1 la, we see how lor.
Haha no la probably still have! Haha have fun!! Dun need reply me!! (:
Tskkkkk never come!!!
Also the second topic seems easier now :-\
Dinner what plans?
Lol what da heck is that
Hey, i can't access the db leh. Can u come online now?
Home.. going out now.. wearing shirt and shorts NW leh
K:)bye
Then when can i get it from u?
No was thinking of coming to soc. Ubuntu installed?
hey hope u r good da
K d
Yo after 5 plus free??
ve had fun.
Wahh pangsehhhhhhhhh
Bring laptop.. where are we meeting?
later then lend u ....
Haha even if I say I fit in ur schedule but u need to give me moretime slots, Monday really can't, got some impt testing to do in sch.Tml, or nx wk most nights are okay. mornings I try my best to pushback stuff also can.
But its dumb wat. Plus he keep msging everyday
hey xuan! i got a brilliant idea! why dun we take up dutch?
S <#> e
Nop. It's the loop hole in the game
To me they are.
Wif my family booking tour package.
Yeahyeah. Why?
congratulations on ur weddn, they re ok thanks
Haha deidara also revived eh. What if his sand was filled withmicrobombs again. XD
Haha okie^^ Joel leh?
U mean the red line last train that reach cck leaves cityhall at 1?
I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
<#>
Ok
R ü in town now...
hai hw r u
I dunno hahaha like something involving breaking resonance?
ello. keep forgetting to msg u.. ben says the pen not his. hah..
i know
Haha. Tell u a secret lah, people always treat me as jie mei one leh.My heart inside lives a xiao nu ren leh. Wahahaha. I guess that's whyi've topics to talk with girls.
Jeffjeffjeffjeffjeff
Hrrm could be the pwm frequency or smth. Is there any way you can use a true voltage to test
Siob Siob Siob hao de~~~ still will miss u dipx dipx! So u sleepingor reading comic lol
Hey, i'm outside SR1.
Lol np rubberbands
Lols both  <#> mins
Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
<#> th to 5th
Yeah you are hungry?
Aisa lagta hai meri kuch ahmiyat hi nai hai, kabhi tu akdem paraya bna deti hai
At least a-
hey, where are you now?
Minimalist syntax!
Take some small dose tablet for fever
Haha its okay de! they are probably unhappy only when I dun sleepearly haha:P coz i'm damn difficult to wake up when I have lack ofsleep:P haha why lazy?
Ok. I.ll do you right later.
OMG LOL SO MANY MESSAGES HAHAHA I DIDN'T KNOW THAT SONG AND YES WR
Eating bread. Had yours? Enjoy your day.
Nvr havoc last nite... Only went out w sis... Aiya, anyway, cya later...
M SG/6598904512 INTERESTED MSG ME
No worries mate.. :)
K
Hi,pls let me knw what u guys planned to do for dinu's wedding gift,are we giving any gift as we did for suganthi and karthiga.i mean the batch gift. Kavi
Yeah submitted le!
BEGIN:VCARD VERSION: <DECIMAL>  N:;Burbank TEL;VOICE: <#>  END:VCARD
Mine too..
Hi guys, since our project is due on  <#>  march wanna do a quickmeet up next week say tues or thurs?
Watchd any ep today?
Lol thanks. All the best to you too. :-D
I haven Rly noticed lols. But they Rly look pro le! Like flying up liddat
Haha okay! Jyjy! I need to finish my English by Sunday too! Hahahaokay you have until Wednesday for the offer! Yeap it's over, if I didv well I might feel very bad haha! Haha I won't be home a lot thisweekend!
I knnnoooow. I keep telling myself I'll gather the data to work on mypaper and BAM I'm reading about like woodworking in  <#>  orsomething
eh. can help me check wat's my bank acc number? in mummy room drawer
This is the answer 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
Yupz... Watchin how to lose a guy in 10 days at lido now lor... Cos everyone watch oredi so have to watch alone lor...
Ok i go after lunch so about  <#> +
Hahahhahaha
Lols I still not asleep. Watching movie
U at home n juz wake up isit?U really pig hor..
Okay:D do you have tall friend's number???
Haha happy cnyyyy.muscle grow big big ah!lol.
Oh k k fyn thank u:-)
Practice 2day at  <DECIMAL> a.m .since ts poya day sry4 de late notice
Huh! When? Where?
Tuesdy
Yao
Hey violet, who's doing proj tmr? Is it me?:)
ah.. i dum dum, juz board bus . my whiny baobei wait me awhile k
Wait
Wat the? So early for wad
Ya lo I Sign up for the iPhone de only 1 left le lol... they putpossible device itouch and other smartphone lol
Hahas set!
Hhaha yeah lo so many people not free.
Haha I think different! Her name is nina! Hahaha ris low damn nostandard! Eeee I also want, we got fruit cake! Haha my cluster isquite dead in general lah, but the individuals fun to talk to :)
Im waitin n prayin 4 dat day desperatly andrw,til dat dat im livin 4 d sake f livin,yes c u 2mrw,g,b
Mail would be fine. Blk  <#>  bishan st  <#>  # <#>  s'pore  <#> . Thanks!
Mr soh say by  <#>  may
Kallis for kkr....
Hahaha. Chl par le. Jo b kr ra hai chor de
Serious where?
P
I at ____. U?
I'm glad. You are following your dreams.
hey how ou doing.come and get me from home
Thanks =/Jesus I need to not forget to take my medicine in the morning =/ Ijust took it like an hour ago and when I texted you I was a fuckingmess
Thks nitez!
I vil giv d buk to xerox today
<DECIMAL>
good bye
Welcome!
ya but I passed something to a buyer ma so was here earlier lol
No time hahaha...
Yay I got accommodation in sheares hall!  :D
s ok...
Yup da xf folder rite...
Hi mentees! Hope you liked the quotes I gave you (: here's another!"Always do what you want, and say what you feel, because those whomind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
:-D thanks!
Hi.there?
I got bus:)
m doing my stuff but jus now do until v sleepy then my eyes close already... Ur msg woke me up... Ur office close already?
just go to hell yes you u only ! because only you can change hell into heaven by your sweetness.gn.Abhi - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Can call me?
Ya play till our biceps same size as vj calves den train
Haha going out for project meeting! Orh! Haha I will do at nightanyway even if i'm not feeling well haha. Yeah it was really just theyear 3 concepts! I dun feel so bad, coz I only know the first qn andbonus x.x
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, notonly plan, but also believe.GOOD MORNING!!!
Hi. I've updated the Google doc with the pages i've completed. Theyare under the column 'ready state'. Thanks
come on buddy
SCB connecting cable today how is selection of program
Wow nice haha! Oops I thought I lost my phone :P
Reached
Osama Binladen ku "BAYAM" na Ennanae Theriyathu Why? Yen na.. Osama Binladen ku Tamil Theriyathu. AyYoo! AyYoo! Orey tamasu..
Happy birthday shaffffffffiiiinaaaaa!
dar i at pantry now..
For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
You always make things bigger than they are
Where at were hungry too
Hello my friend
I'm back
No one is awake): I have no food!!!!!!!! Can we meet at 1 insteadhahaha I wanna eat lunch before meeting you!! Hahaha bring for fun!
Call now
Is true
I know you mood off today
The other girl wearing brown colour saree..
Papa ph0ne kar0
U called me?
m a fren who cares. Good nite
Wa sob sob sob bai fen bai more impt than meeting me lo...
Email?
Thats my car..
Hee. Here hv fd. Kiss u
Hmmm meet like 7 tonite?
Uhh i'll be back at nighttime like 9+ today
Hi:)
hey meet us california pizza down stairs
Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
I Emo den come here chill alone! Lols u wan go clementi gym ar
Wow rot at home.... Ha ha..... Raining ma good weather to sleep.... Ha ha.....
Hmm.. I haven return u the money for the bear.. how much Shld I pay
Erm nxt Mon or Tues? Lols I no hmwk to mug
I m waiting
Eh gelek...I nt going 4 stats tmr...=p
Tmr you wanna meet me at boonkeng?
Ok.. Keep me inform :)
Hey love =)
They say dun wan... U got buy other things 4 da past few days?
Wait.
I liked the new mobile
Quest 3 the I compound
I sit at corridor.
hey niz... when you gonna call me...
Shhh. Let rumours be rumours.
s great man,you keep up the good work yeah
430 one i guess i sms u tmr at 12 again
Haha I've been Billy Joel binging too
Yea lol I tot black guy is good sia... Cs quite friendly, all thecoach v nice. Is Cs very zai?
Tok too long... Not sellin cheese cake oredi... Haha...
Haha, that was the first person I was gonna ask
The spirit that GOD placed in us is filled with fierce desires. But the grace that GOD gives is even stronger. James 4: <#>  Have a blessed day :-)
Haha okay! Thanks
ok loh mit then decide.see ya later!!
HAHA AND I CHOOSE YOU, POCARI!!!! LOL
Wats up? Anything with these girls?
Wat time meet canteen
Sure no problem.
Kk. Thanks! :)
Oh okay. Natas at suntec lol?
U wake up already? Tdy very cloudy leh, u still want to cycle or want to do other thing ?
Nvr le. Lewis also
So the date confirmed already?
Yeap ok!
Hi Violet, hope the new year is going well for you :) The USD <#>  code is XXBT DG <#>  D5PX PD5Y. Enjoy your downloads! :)
Hey..solve my prob
Gam  <#> :)
Haha 1 for 1 leh, new burger is new burger, now I trying my luck atjp mac for nuggets. Maybe not a lot of ppl know, not like nus.
When class end
I can also play half of Blackbird
That bitch
Uuuuuuuuu!! Night night TTs. See you little tt tmr! :-P
Eh swelin izzit too late to send personal statement?
There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
Tis week ran so mch lols. Excited to reach my peak soon
Sup Love?
So sorry cant reply your sms. cause too busy today.
Yes
Unni's pant is ready at sajid's place.pls collect.
Ya sure! At Changi hospital?
Yo what time you free today?
Hokay coo'!
Eh... No. Lecture straight all the way.
But if anything need me can just sms or call me!!
Where  r u ?
Hmm <#>  to  <#>  on both days. or u want 2 to 4 pm on friday.. ithink friday later, better for u..
Haha then take knife go up kill them all lo lol... hai hao leh theaverage is around  <#> + lol...
Hi we meet in PGP in half an hour
2day s d second tim facin a xam witout havin a word wit my malli andrew.i spoke 2 al othr 4 membrs....
Happy happy birthday. E last in our group 2 reach 22 hee... Good luck 2 ur health, wealth, love, studies etc etc...
Ok for movie tonight? Shld be leaving on time today...
Hahaha! Dun dao, must teach him mah! Haha yups raffles place!
Hope you are having a great day.
Hhaha name it as the earth hour event at ecp.
Lols sohjie yuanhan using my comp. I finally know why tt guy called boyka le
Buff guy can't bully lol! BTW 2moro train and? I no abs siaz...
Is it wrong dat i told u i am happy
Wow, cookies ah. So sweet of you. I bet your cookies are damn tasty.
Did u already do your taxes?
Should I head straight there or what
See you at
I will send them to your email. Do you mind  <#>  times per night?
Wat u mean by raining cats n dogs? i gotten my results yesterday liao... i did quite well this time.. but still not enough for pass with merit yet...
<name>? How you do English orthographize it?
Kk go dance ba. I eat with family
Thanks. Need go temple pray 4 my prince 2 come haha...
Later ur tuition where wat time
Actually hor, if u feel that the scope is too large or pts are notsuitable or irrelevant, u can take them out fully. I won't mind one.Most impt is u can write something tt makes sense n logical lah.Haha.
Later i will be able to drive papa car...
Hey hey, got one object perception study.  <DECIMAL>  credits de! Hurry!
what time? now gonna rain
s wat he told me. Ok lor...
Haha how much will it cost?
hello how are you
She not talking to him anymore
Hahaha see lah guys -shakes head- :P
In meeting da..
<#>  for 0..
Haha what the, I just received this ): emo haha I was so bored.duringChinese I finally fell asleep for once! Oh haha I didn't ask you coz Iknow you got pizza! :P Hahahahaha what a challenge lor! You'll neverget it if Sophie and friend are in your class! Haha ooo okay! Haha myday is sad and boring, I want to sleep!
kidhar
In the day?
it hurt him a lot so he tol me!
Bhai papa ke samne bt nai kar sakta
U should try it!
We r at mango... Bourke street...
Yup... Wot u r doin...?
Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great & successful day.
Haha I cannot imagine yanling's voice haha! I didn't do much today,yeah just stone at home!
Hey done ass 4?
Got arh that time u go use the toilet there... so fast still saylate! I reaching soon only!
Today got e sars sentosa concert... U got record?
I think the other two still need to get cash but we can def be ready by 9
Hey where are you?
Haha yeah its my second fav pao:P
Haha yeah no choice I forgot to return the person on wed! Haha no noI meeting him aft cp! Hmm?  <#>  in the morning! My dad fetching methere and back so its fine^^
Haha.. okok. Ur ta so frenly.  :-)  love my boy!
Whaattt
Hope to see you on sun, lixia. Miss you lots. I m sure you know... But where do i stand in your heart now?
Haven't but I heard it's nice! Yeah she's coming! So...  <DECIMAL>  at bugis!
Halo... When r u free to pass me e notes ah?
Fwd: Pass it on! Rmb to bring water bottles! Really really important.No sharing. And money cuz it makes the world right round.
où êtes-vous
Ok. Should ve at your store in about  <#>  mins. :-)  thanks
OK. Will ask him to do both
JVSD GIRL'S SENIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL, D-II, LINK ROAD (OPPOSITE OFSHRI HANUMAN STATUE), NEAR JHANDEWALAN METRO STATION KAROL BAGH. NEWDELHI -  <#> .
Have arp...
Happy new years!!
Hey wat things to buy for project
How i noe last time tis one on offer wat...
;_;
I've never had my phone turned off before. I feel so poor :'(
K i want to tel u important matter .later
Sushama delivered a baby boy today . Both are well.
Can't la. Will demerit
If you want we can though =) I just don't wanna make you get allready and talk for a bit then have to go haha
Yei yei!!!! Hee. Remember to have ur dinner soon ok. I hungry le.come bite u!
?u not involved sibo.can arga know wat happen eh ma.
Gate 3! Sorry I just got your msg!
I dont know why.
And I doubt fucking know what to do because I think they might notand s Fuck I feel like shit
Thanks bhai puri list k liye
Hi Elissa, have you checked duty le ma.. You do know it is you and clarissa tmr yea?
Will u be online in msn soon?? Hehe
Nothing, no problem..
Hi! devin,I am ric.Where u from?
Wah so busy. Haha
Noleh. How can i see? Haha. Nvm lah. I see the final production.
Ok find u all there when I reach school.paisey late was stuck with MIS project.last min changes.
I thunk if u until siooooo happy. Poke bblp
Now?
Stupid auto correct on my phone
<#>
Nenu vaccena?
Can find a good place to meet?
Anna gud mrng! Im not goin 4  <DECIMAL>  mass,bt 4 the eveng mas at 6..Bye da. *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Ps wrong chat...
i am hving lunch, r u in hurry?
I thgt will b lk 30 bucks or somethin... K la, cya on fri...
Using grammar and phonemes are we? Now who needs syntax and phonology?
Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
Hey...i reach liao...can come down to open door for me?...
Please call
Nope it's okay. Thanks?
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Nap hahahhahahha
did u c my aftn msg? sorry ask u hor if u oso free on tue,30dec? cos might switch 2 tue, raymond mon cun. den nid c if peifang can change her duty. ?
I just finished my work. My foot injured just now. so painful. good night see you
Lols so random?
Lol hard to decide mah. First cannot book, then too expensive. So inthe end this lo.
( <#> )  <#>I think this is the bug dudes number, I can't call at the moment, ifyou can, can you?
Yup i eat w u... My sis dun wan 2 eat...
Yeah =( it's really almost actually updating
We meet effort lunch at 1pm?
hey i uploading the program to sunfire coz it's abit faster thandropbix.. or u orefer msn
Alom please arrange Tk 50 mobile flexiload recharge for my number.
Haha. Okay.
Rply
I feel like changing church haha
U studying now
That's the final chassis for both right? Is the angle still  <#>  degrees? I need to calculate the direction vectors.
Yo yo. Please be reminded that tmr need to reach mpss at  <DECIMAL>eh :-) see you!
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Oh ya it's all tea eh. No milo or ovaltine.
Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
Okay, how am I able to issue an invoice under astronomy club's nameto charge the school? Is there any ways?
What omg damn ridiculous hahaha. Punch them both:D ooo how come cango out! I just left sch hahaha going home!
Pls pray every day for steafano and the rest at home to be delivered from oppresion and be totaly set free in christ.
Haha morning! Yeaps just ordered!! Whatcha eating for dinner? Irealise it would have been a little awkward if you came instead hahaChester's chatting with Chris they all!
Jeff's sis?! Lol okay they sounds cool. You 安排. (y)
Hokay see you there!
U r in sg right? U wanna go pengarang tml, or maybe the day after tml?
Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
Yeeaaaah sorry I was sleeping
My qn 1 2nd part abit longer.... u free at 3pm.right? Later just stayin the lab I going the same lab anyway lol can check answer and do labat the same time since.today lab like not.much
ed time of arrival Mr Doni?
Thanx li mei. Its ok.. We ll b thr at  <#>  cu
Oh sorry
But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
Lols! Cus u continued feeding it rite
3 at where?
Eh we all okay with the mu acct. Last time I checked exchange rate issuch that  <#>  in total. Shldnt be far off la.
Eh no leh...If change she shld haf told us rite? Ask cow?
Roy not at home. Anything
Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
Today? Hmmm I see first bah
Ya...But cant get in.
Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
No leh.. u want eat first?
No she didn't ._. She asked me to buy, so lame I alr told her go buywhatever she wants then she still dun buy, somemore that time shecalled me she was at the shop. zzz. She got no one to spend on besidesthem.
I ask Joel. Is it very time consuming
With one arm? Oo
T_T thanks
Haha okay!! Hahaha my parents pay lah but so bad!! Haha theirs notAndroid! Anyway where are you!
Eh ok confirm Saturday ah.lol I in school and fone dying liao.
Hello..
Call me urgnt
I swear today is my lucky day; just missed a  <#>  but right behind was a  <#>  :o
Eh wan to meet this few days for dinner or coffee before u fly? Send me that photo that we take thru mms! I change phone already
yeiyei i had so much fun n food today! muggggggs. now full untilcannot move, haha
Joke la imma back
Nop. Neck ache
I mean it. Go ask
Yeah girl's damn pretty right?
seasonal greeetings
Mughe lagta hai chali gai, call nai utha rahi.
Come to mahal bus stop.. <DECIMAL>
Why u at bishan?
Yeah I supposed. That's what she said. Im suppose to compileinformation for her now.
Yeaaa dan I will for sure! Tanks!! Love ya bad bad!
Rly? I not sure..... Try come le. Then teach how kayak
I SAID SOCKS LOL
haha.. he say set ur clock to  <#>  then iit'll work.. u go try
So tml how?..jiahua told timetable tml same as me leh...
Kin intro pls
m elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
Eh dear can lend me ur pw to nus Acc? I need to see something..
Wish you a happy prosperous new year . Kajaa
Call u back
s your address?
Yeah I rmb!! So cool coincidence!!
Okay x.x haha we just went arcade for 2 hours!
I like to chill out alone once in a while. Hehe...  have a great time wif yr frens later!
Joo seng road.
Den i go pick u at 530. I msg u before i leave e house k.
Haha i already try 2 make it 2 a min 2 make fun of u. Ok lah i will stop it, but if u wan i can call him, think he wk end also nothing to eat. Shuhui coming?
Daddy I at home, no need fetch
reavhing soon.. see nus le. 2 dtops more
s gd. Later i meet u ard 7 k, i wait for my sis to come back first.
This is a great,great,great nice sms: My lovr & my Bst Frnd r in sinking boat... Bt i can save only one's lif. . Do U knw whm i save? I save my LVR & I wil die wit my FRIEND...
Then how ü wan to go early a not... Ask her to wait at bishan then ben can fetch her but she wun wake up so early...
Haha yeah! But now includes alot more stuff bah! Hahaha ooo Chris andyuhan haha! Interesting ~ yeah haha all the ppl expected to be in forthis kind of stuff de bah! Haha yeah but my phone left only  <#> %battery I scared not enough! Haha what's my first email?
Find u after cutting hair
Thanks
orhh. enjoy ur meal! love lots.
Hokay!
I need to go simlim get some stuff. See got what then decide but likely to be after lunch
Mai pahuch gaya hu. Tu jaldi aa ja bhai.
Yea i did...tml tok to u again....
Hahaha okay! Have a safe trip home!
m goin to aust... Comin back on 4th of june...
Ya pretty sure it is this week though
Ah sure! Can! :-)
Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
Uncl came sudnly.
Yupz... Can... So when u reach liao den give me a call to pick u... Cya at ard 1230...
r ü coming?
okay... Why dont go? Our dear president is coming leh.
I'm sorry darling
Ok.
Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
Please attend the phone:)
Khelne chal0ge?
K..k.all the best.
Want me to call?
The question is implementing 2x4 decoder on 5 variable de
LOL OKAY!
<#>
ll b at e corner lor, not e middle...So dun worry la... Din c ur fren though...
Or wat time u prefee
Ok
What why!!
Wts??
Dai nm
Help me collect if I nt therew
Issìt? Okie i go buy.
Eh ok thx.lol.I actually just tot of getting 1 for casual normal shooting nia.lol.
Its me dasun,m on d way
Okay. Later i ask ST and Subi. I called Dickson, he said he'll askYaofeng and Michelle later.
=(( hao bah.
leaving at 7+. Let me know whether to da bao, otherwise will justcome home to take you out for dinner.
Haha have la, made my friends happy too with your 9gag toy storyshoes! Haha I still feel sick T.T
ok.....so what insights hav u gained?
Testing
UK from now till 8 Jun. Check out details at m1.com.sg
Booked ticket for pongal?
That's too long
Wont be able to make it as I have lessons from  <#> am-2pm.
Post!
I got arrested for possession at, I shit you not,  <TIME>  pm
not be angry with friends
OK I ll come
ll only be back in the afternoon. I need to visit my sup. Whwn will you come?
She what color?
the program can run without the cd right?
yup
Touch rugby match lor... Frm 130 to like 4 lor... Haiz... I wanna go leh
Ask her go train la. If not can't keep up! Eh I 2moro I go ubin leavesome marks for u to find k?
Bon voyage to silchar.
Can you pick me up at 4 instead of 3:30?
Night is tough da.. I also slept off today... lets try tomorrow
Lols mine wing chin master le! The one tt can da shi ge
Tmr morning he passing you!
Kk see ya!!
Haiz .. u shldnt have asked ly.. shld have asked some other Guy. Thenmaybe somehow can swop.
Achoku
<#> ...double check with timetable in cors...
Lol don't need to be free to celebrate. So your javascript how?
Andrew pls excuse me i will not be at savoy at 5pm, have to attend a meeting,sorry.
Orh ok lor. Anyway we finished the mainbody already left 5 and 6,must be in 4 pages max. u see what we write in google doc then editaccording? Got some other stuff but hard to tell u lidat.
Nah im goin 2 the wrks with j wot bout u?
I go find you at sim? Or you wanna go library?
I thk dun wan lor...
Yup...
In school waiting 4 my sis lor... Me falling asleep already...
Darren say u and him together already ... Izzit true ?
Der
U wake up oredi...
Oh no! Can help me ask jiurui? My msgs to her keep getting rejected!
Wer r u
Hey Tze yeah sure. I ll be happy to join. The timings work for me.
Heee i smiling still. Muuuuacks
Hahaha I see
Yes i planed.
Why le???
Lets go for breakfast
Okay thks
Wahhh lol show offff
Ok..cme,.
TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
Lols 2moro check la. BTW quiz 2moro?
Not digital ar?
Ok we can meet outside lt 27
<DECIMAL>  wali mil gayi bhai.
Hey  <#> pm at my house, my bro and jason playing.
Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
Lol u poor meh poor still can go shopping tml! So rich! Lol
Lol. Are they here already?
I nvr use that table at all.
Ok. Just come send me what you have done?
Hi vivian can to intro yourself
Eh I thought you all together? Set a time then go down only mah.
Water logging in desert. Geoenvironmental implications.
I wouldn't if she'd proven herself to be a cool person.. instead shesaid she was going to knock on each door to find me the first nighthere
Ok
what's that? u brought aunt to try sg local food?
Me want to take bath
You guys still looking for a roommate?
Yeah but i'm moving off at  <DECIMAL>  then coming back at 3~4
Hmm. So u want to meet till 3 is it?or from 3? I gt lecture at7pm...so can't stay till night.
Lols I tot odac got go wad. Joke!
Rum
Haha what?! What did you think and dream of? Haha I sleepy for like<#>  mins:x dun want study le!!!
What's that again?
Nh8 kya he? N sukher c0l0ny he kya
Haha. Omg. I'm not rushing u lah. Upload when u're done. No worries.
Had your food
Yea no prob big guyz
Hey where ya
Sheltkar (goregoan)  <#>  gokarn (bandra)  <#>  lalchandani (mahim)  <#>
I will come with karnan car. Please wait till 6pm will directly goto doctor.
Does Sunday work?
Ahaha yeah keep that joke within ourselves. Ohh so you arent planning to get into any relationships meh?
Yes!
I meet u all directly near the coy lah. I taking bus. 4 plus canreach bah. Or  <DECIMAL> pm like that.
U dere?
do job anywhere as u know you are good enough for any job
Ohh haha! Okay thanks! (: but tenghiang will be joining us for dinner!
Sounds great to me!
I don't think so
abid se pooch
He okok. Playing game now
hmm.. u nv write down?
I will let you know anytime bah.
Yeah compiling the group part.
Questions for ... something.
Ma friends mataladuthuna
ya. just reached my hse.
ok
Cosplay fail
ll bounce back.
I don't know arrrgghh
yes din u get my messages we are meeting at 3 at chocolate box in esplamade
Haha what the! I dun know if you are still tired from this morning!Haha they say they dun mind ah, they very cute de! Ehh haha I dunno, Iwent out with you and lewis too!
Here yo
We will miSs you
Can. Dunno wat to get 4 her...
tapi ntar kutanyakan deh ke teman-teman poly. Kalau ada kabar ntar ku-sms lagi deh. Kamu sendiri lagi ngapain? Udah tamat Uni blon?
Okay. Noted.
Oh ps. Nxt week can ask sx Dylan to bball
Lol i'm just making rounds in BHG
Just a little
Im good! I have been thinking about you...
Hey Tamp mrt at 1pm
Give me a call when you are done.
m oredi on my way to e class liao...
Oops I thought there was you chey. Okay then my answer remains the same LOL
Today night ra
Lol already got lots of fb posts on his wall.
Birla soft da:)
Am I meeting you guys?
Thanks.. Sorry I keep forgetting haha
Aching lolol
Haha okay! I will send you email if there's updates.
Haha yup. Come over now.
Don't need lyrics it's not enough to describe e feelings lol
But cun lah... go next wk? Act where ü wanna go?
Eh.. so how? U want to call police?
Happy New Year I Wish  <#>  Brings Happiness and prosperity,to Your Doorsteps.
Yeiyei in lib
ll have some moderation according to how your catch performs n also yr1 lesser weightage so you still have chance la... dun lose hope yet...
Lol will miss the times in sch mah. Even though sch sucks lol
Nah mus have responsible. No la can't pangseh Eman
not yet . going to eat in school. u wan to join me? hee
Can can.  What flavour?
s in e matric fair...
Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
no no graduating tis sem...1 more essential to clear...
Yo yo you reaching bk soon?
m comin home now...
Daddy... Fetch me together w jue... I surf net in sch...
oh
Hey u wan to watch bro bear(cartoon movie) after dinner on fri? 940pm at gv plaza. Asking everyone..
Haha.. Christmas is over le.. Lol..
Still need to take off shirt.
Wts! So fast! So are you still gonna eat?
No..now break ..
Ok sir.
Hey all, is it fine if i make a reservation at  <DECIMAL> pm and wemeet ard 6pm at little india mrt station?
m teaching u how 2 lie. If not married can consider, korean is it, can rec leona haha. Hmm leona know she will scold me 4 not encouraging u 2 go.
In chennai
I smsed Richik at 7 and asked him to check courts. He didn't replyand I knew your rackets were with him,  so I went back to sleep :p
Yup, in case you need research.
YOU!!
Gn.
Where's mummy's boy ? Is he being good or bad ? Is he being positive or negative ? Why is mummy being made to wait? Hmmmm?
did u send her back ?
Okay noted. WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . WPRCD is  <#> . YPCH is  <#>. WPB is  <#> . From teck ghee cc.
Haha yeah I work for fun de mah, I dun need the money de! HahahaMAYBE MY BEST BRO:D hahaha I dun know I think I will do the thingChester and raghav jio me to last time coz it's really the easiestheehee:D okay!
Hey guys, shall we've a quick run thru at 2pm for tml's demo. Or uall can let me know your preferred timing too. Thanks.
I Tues got arp. Weds holiday. Thurs Fri script checking. Shld endearly on script checking though!
Hai
Ya
And captains ball I think lol
LOL MY REVENGE
Yeah dun have much of a choice lol.... at most some part we justsmoke thru lol the tutor also like not very sure of nus marketingstrategy de also
Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
Lol ya I was reading naruto. :D
Wat u doing ?
I sent out the consolidated list of unfinished tasks le. Check it outwhen free ya. Laura, add your part yourself ar or wait till scrum simcall u tonight.
Yes we were outside for like 2 hours. And I called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
Btw, i saw xiangyang when i went home just now. He's damn damn cock,remind me to tell u another day. Haha.
Reality of Life:- When u need Advice Everybody is ready to Help u But when u Need Help Everybody Gives u Only Advice its true Take Care
No dear i do have free messages without any recharge. Hi hi hi
Den tmr see how lah.
thank u nel. eh on for friday k? meet u all at around 6pm at bugis mrt
Those who trust in the Lord are like Mount Zion, which can NEVER be shaken or be moved. As the mountains surround Jerusalem, So the Lord surrounds his sons and daughters NOW and for EVER. Psalm <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord !Have a blessed day dear brothers and sisters in CHRIST :-)
Blk  <#>  serangoon north ave 4 # <#> . Do you need to test monitor?And will you be driving down?
SET. Hardcore on hard core
Haha. I'm not sure leh. Why not u ask karen? I'm working this comingwkend. Do u've her num? Or i ask her to call u?
Eh pk help me take photo already. I can't show the pedals cos theyare out and only will be back on Monday after stressskin repaired. Unot working till v late right?
How mch? U help find gals I find guys?
Hey.. now got 4 pple asking.. <name>, <name>, and <name> with afriend.... the <name> is  <#>  batch also..
Sorry, I can't text & drive coherently, see you in twenty
I said no v vl c it latr...
Bring 2moro do!
Danbee 's? Yeah! Very positive :-)
Hmm.. MNO don't have much notes one but got readings lah.
Hi:)
Hd a wonderful day with u too sweethert. Go rest dearie. Many kiaseaand love u so very much.
Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses
<#> th May MONDAY  <TIME>  AM outside General Office for BUSOn facebook
Hi Thyags. I passed the keys to Rohan as Eugenia wanted him to checkmail.. He stays in tiong bahru.. might be easier for you as well..
Dar lg go bathe first. Hee
Dont go there please!
Thanx
I can't be an omen. I can be a jinx
hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess
Leo mum ask u wanna play mahjong tonight??
biz
Another shirt .. tys sending u now..
Ya lor. I guess.
Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall & send this to ur frndZ & See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
Yo! Y'all taking ssb <#>  ah?
Eh no nid bring le I found mine. BTW u wan go buy ticket le then swim?
Have u sent me??
U got receive my sms jus now?
Da i dont get the text !
?? Elaborate
I know! But he confirm twice I said ok to both. Emo
Hello gals! Any happenings there? Hee...haven been able to go online lately...all of u went to see corinna off? -miwa e wombat hee
Anything lar then ü not going home 4 dinner?
Wat the...
if u coming for the gathering, pls confirm by this wk..thanks
Oh OK. Cool then.. just making sure I receive due credit :p you going steady?
Ok. How late?  <TIME> ? We are already on site. Thanks!
Hey I ll be in room till 6.. feel free to come
Shall i go 4 extra lect later? Quite late leh, 6 to 715...
yeah... then i will go decide on the timing and place k... u just seat back and relac
sayang baobei! reach home le ah..
Phone de bo leh. Only got ipod.
Lolsrsly
On the way :)
Hon, where are you?
What about now?
Yep, can detect rgbyk but i need to kope the raw values tmr
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Gym le then study??
Yes.. if you are ready for it.. there have been very few people whofelt it wasn't worth it. It gives you a lot of exposure.. but itsfairly expensive
We'll be at the S6A class bench until about 1pm
Ok
u noe i dreamt of u yestrtday.. haha.
Ooo aiya ok.nvm then lol see ya in lect.u grad this sem??
I'll be at mu in like  <#>  seconds
Yea! :) see ya soon too! Miss you so much! Hope baby Ethan is growing well :)
Poda vetti! Inga oruthi valiyula thavikura!
haha.. okok. i come on sat let u knock.
Ohh D: okay ~ so sad!! JYJY!!!!!!!
Lol see don't follow advice la
Hey are you doing the eng mod this sem?
Cool
Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
Okay. Yup, i'll try to do the class diagram.
Haha I did ask her, I just felt retarded after realising I've knownthat word since I was eleven =P
Haha alright! Yeah and Chester knows we're meeting later liao uhoh!
ll mt u all too...
Eh later go eat leh.lol.
Kk.. aeeya tmr
Get smth lo...Den nvm ba...Heh.
Yes.they will pick.
Sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc
You can do it! I believe in you!
m on the bus near central lib
Hi guys, since our project is due on  <#>  march wanna do a quickmeet up next week say tues or thurs?
hey guys i will be busy for the day.so please make calls in the night.
F stinct what's up
STATUS 9QE <#> B7
dunno yet. u?
U want me to show u who is marilyn anot? Haha.
Go to the walk-in clinic, not er.
Hi bro.. I'm sunny frm india.. I h0pe u stil remembr me...
We eatin duckrice tmr... Haha, at toa payoh...
Heh you can wear similar design with your mummy :-D
So what are you up to
Tml 8+ korean bbq u know right? If nothing go wrong.
Pappu offered Girl,,Girl:tum itny chotay ho meri jawani ka bojh kaisy uthao gay?Papu:janu manta hon k chuha Bori utha nhi sktaMgr phaar to skta hai,,
Gee... My memory is bad den... I rem wrongly...
rem to eat ur dinner! hee.
Good morng
s diff to get in...Me in nus sci lor...
Hee. Ok dweetu. Muacks
Hmm not so soon, can you remind me on saturday?
Hmm dunno leh! I got a romper in the end haha! :P dunno if it will be alright!
Lets go for dinner i am feeling angry!!
han
Really? D=
I went out yest then straits times also got ad but i haven shop yet. If we didnt meet online then send 2 my email lor but duno got enough space or not.
Ohh and herngyi and Chester too!
Na I better finish my homework tmr
Yeah around there sorry; i left house at 7 instead of reaching station at 7
Have you all went to the gym?
OMG WAHAHAHAH I tink so much that sentence still got error! Is yourday not you day T.T... nvm good night!
I pray for u now...
Hey man so are we doing arp together
Hee. I was thinking of that at first. Then remember my yei yei eatonly skinless grapes. :p. Grapes it shall be then. :* :*:*:*:*:*
Aiyo cos i sms ü then ü neva reply so i wait 4 ü to reply lar. I tot ü havent finish ur lab wat.
Haha ps forgot to say venue!! It's at Singapore sports school!(:
I not sure tts why wanna ask u!
Haha then ok, then I go find u all bah.
Gayle now.
Please pay electricity bill today
Watching movie
Eh u sms wrong person
Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  <DECIMAL> . <#>  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
Happy new years!
Aight, see you then
What u doing?
Wat time will the meeting end ar? I won't be meeting my gf lah buti'll be meeting my 8mc grpmates. Haha.
Ü collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
Ok... jia you!!
Go sleep!(:
Jay says that you're a double-faggot
Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
I never said you were one of my friends
Haha sian I just received these smses o.o yeah on the way home now!Later bring my grandma out haha:) Haha only  <#>  songs coz I lazy putin from my com:P haha it's alright! I finished it, handed up le! Hahahad a good rest? Ooo you really feel so bad about the butterfly thingah? What did I do to you?
Try to become a good human being.
Hello.... Are you free later for a chat?
hi good morning have a good day
Sorry running behind be there shortly
Who this
<#>   <#>
Ok
The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe
Huh... How come... U nvr feed water ah...
K buy:-)
Yeah yesterday!
pls take it back.
Nitez sucker
I think we all send our parts by wed/thurs then compile and prepare?
<#>
Im on my way back.
Prove it
Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
Still angry
YEAH I GAVE UP LOL. LOL BUT HOW THEY CHARGE HAHAHA SO CUTE WULIANG LOL
Mrk i am fine and u
Shuhui in amk, she ask wan meet talk or not. Only u me her n mayb ben.
Oh okay.
mon,wed,thur and alternate friday weekend depend on crowd at club street,news rm.
Hey nid $ <#>  le... Tts why optional
Darling i go slp le! Nitey!
Haha no yichian today?
Yes wifey! Callusoon
The 9gag link haha! Wow lunch so late! 2 packets omg I think Ialready feel super full eating one packet! haha go feed your sishahaha! Yeah I got the towel super random haha!
What are you serious?? How can you tell?? Hahaha cool!!
Lol emu got SMS u ask u next wk free or not ah.
Ah nice I'm already taking that lol!
Lol yes! But I havent pass you inception.
Muahaha this friday I got lt at 6pm. Wanna join me and lynette for astro? Lol
Thackray supporters r beating all street dogs. Do u know why? Bcoz they want dogs 2 bark in Marathi.They think BowWow is English
ok..
Which hse? Hee.  Lub lub u!! Cawreful ar
Yea wait
nope....surfing the net b4 i sleep
Oh ok!
s phone number? i need it urgently
Your soul came back from dreamland reunited with a sleeping senseless piece of yourself slowly open ur eyes realise its a brand new day. Good Morning.
Hmmm
Great Quotation..... Don't Trust Your Heart..... Because Its Not On The Right Side..... ;-)gud day.
go happily
Oh I sent it on the 4th.
Ahhh almost forgot! Happy birthday, Wan Su!
but zao dao hao guo ci dao. you woke up at  <#>  izzit?
Huh... Dun have oredi la... Ah, i bought tt mini cart  4 her, she wan to buy in thai one...
Can connect :-)
Machan they will call you before the submity.. Send me a text when they call you.. :)
Hey mom! I'm gonna be home in an hour, and I'll be home most of theday tomorrow. See you soon!
Nop. Probably end early
Watching TV now.. u?
Roy intro pls
Pig!! Bio made me happy but english is emo): hahaha
Im at a restaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna do something or is that to late?
Im done already. Andy havent
Yo yo. Why you never tweet in the morning? Am I suppose to wake you up?
? Nothing's wrong :) do I seem different?
t worry too much. i wanted to say just now, you can take it to God in prayer. ??
Hey yun ask you ah... where did you the answers for the past year exam papers from?
heee. waiting for  <#>  le.meeting bh at  <DECIMAL>  @engine ok? dearwan meet there or at com1 first?
I guess its better than those cramps I get that wake me up. Last time I got the worst one of my life. It hurt to walk for 2 days :/
U no have ar?? Oo
Right after this at  <#> th got survivorman :D
Hw in nokia e series
I tot meeting at GO 1st? Den got bus fetch
Oh ok... I asked her oredi but she neva reply...
Da I tried to send the documents from lap to mobile .. but couldn't. plzz Download it from mail. I sent it to you along with attachment. check it out..
Not really,just watching for the storyline. See how things go. I am gonna go out for dinner first.
Wat ?
Ya it is obvious saying u for buying machiato =p... although I amgetting 1 myself muhahaha
You take care too
okie loh.When u free huh
Arun can u transfr me d amt
Haha nvm eh. Later see how.
But rem last time was the final warning alr? Obviously she dun take it srsly
Nandini just came
Wtf yuquan dam flee. Keep commanding us to do. He say go find 1 moreperson to join ==
Hahaha this time round you treat me eh?
so happy !!!!!!! finally bought it
Hi andrew if ur cmn for novena 2mro & ur free, pls stay &check beats i'v put for next sunday.tnx.tc *Get ICC WorldT <#>  match updates.Type CRICKET & send to  <#> *
Haha I dunno leh hope it won't be weird then!! I should get the bigsquare specs! Hahaha yeah hilda is quite crazy! I saw what she said toyou last night LOL. were you creeped out by her!! Hahaha yeah but Ican go with hilda tay instead! Later I need to buy tshirt!
ok, nite nite!
SGC Services Private Limited Genpact Retrials Team C- <#> , Sector-8,Noida -  <#>   <#>  (UP) Toll Free Number:  <#>  Ph.:  <#>   <#> / <#>This is for PF related.
Oh sorry!!! I forgot to send last night! Sending now!
Ok I bring.
ya lor. the bus coming soon. just turn into roundabout
Kya hai re, itte time se mughe mna rahi thi ab tughe manau kya.
'
<#>  min me aa jaunga
<DECIMAL> E+ <#>
Hey supposed to do which examples in the worksheet?
Nvm.. just continue ba..
He's awful! I told you his book sucks =P
Oh... Thgt u rent out oredi... Cos u said u stayin at toa payoh...
Just finish my work. Now on the way back from location Sembawang. Very tired but still happy cause tomorrow can see you rite
Errr nope.hahaha.traveling to school so far to just meet u for lunch is like abit not smart.hahahaha.
Gf ah?
Haha okay! Cally's brother also looking for job right?
OMG I'M NOT GONNA BE HOMELESS
Dear dear I eat till full full le. U also go and eat hor. Muacks..:*
Awww okay I shall 放过你 since you sick.
Sec-c Q3. Islamc provisions of  <#> . Sirf headings send kr guide SE
Happy birthday ! Wish u happiness always
Ya... u gt plans for tonight?
Ohh again sian boy. Okay.
I AM A HAMCAKE
Steady!
WPR is  <#> . YPC is  <#> . CD is  <#> . Chinese is  <#> . WPB is 4.
好看吗
Eating at mos.burger I think. How about your lunch?
Uhh the developer can wash down the toilet bowl. The acid try to soak up with news paper and put in 2 layers of plastic bag
Hahaha but its ponies!! Maybe you should watch it and see! Go YouTubeand find! Haha true true, or ask her mail to one of us, then wedistribute?? (:
Yeah really unreliable. But bobian our sales under his name :(
WHAT NUMBER? MOBILE OR NOT ?
Apudena
Eh I coming from woodlands tt why...
Ya
Guess you're out to lunch.  I should be in the office later. Sorry tomiss you, had an appointment downstairs.
Poke :P
Good afternon, my love. How are today? I hope your good and maybe have some interviews. I wake and miss you babe. A passionate kiss from across the sea
Sorry, I'll call later
Am going to mess.
Hey tmr night wanna eat tian ji zhou for dinner? At kallang there.
Where shall I wait! Hijack the shower:D
Wa.... Pangseh
Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
Haha they decided to put on hold until next year!
Dawson thank you! You're a crazy sprinter :O
Halo cy càrè for ä intro
Sir, I need Velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details.
Haha ooo icic! Okay then I won't see you anymore today?
Hahaha jio for what omg I super like your chinese name leh didn't Itell you before?? I'm doing the reflection form haha! What really meh!You know technology advances so fast your phone is outdated in 3months??
Hmmm... So tt means u not sharing oredi huh...
ll mail to u lor...
Lols cui
1 min
Relationship isn't sympathy le.... U got to b happy also wad
Oh sorry, I replied before I got the did you get my text text lol
wat time u reach home??
Home in Berkeley
Valentines offer! Recharge your MTS Mobile/Data card online and avail discounts on Flowers, Soft toys and much more. Offer valid on online recharge above Rs. <#>
HAHA NICE INSTINCT I FORGOT. I'M NOT IN SCH NOW, LATER REMIND ME CAN? :D
Best of luck for your first mid term test in nus tml! Haha.
Sweet!
That's great.
Ya lols! At first I shamed him
Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
Srs? Wat time
coming back nw lor.. why?
Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?
We meet in orchard lor.
No gals!!
When now ar?
Rofl this is so funny hahahahah need to pick you up mah?
<#>
I have no idea le. I will call u at night
Msg me whether or not ya can make it. . K lar go sleep now k?nitez and sweet dreams. .
Thanks, we've checked it over.  Looks correct.  When will you becoming to collect the cheque?
Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
Haha I need to play mahjong
U msg wrong number
L
Haha no no we're not going today! Wanted to jio you for tmr:D hahabusy money making boy!:D
Hmm true. Wait for you to come then buy eh.
Haha okay! Wednesday  <DECIMAL> pm show at the cathay. Heh meet upfor dinner first eh :-D
Ur millian ar... Every day mess up his shit all over his hse... I gotta spend 1 hr every day clearing his hse... U got go sydney opera hse...
Help me order same food as u
Can help me buy dinner
Wat time coming back
What i told before i tell. Stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. You dad called to my brother and spoken. Not with me.
Okay. I'll take note of your email. Going to little india de kichnlater. Haha.
Den how? When u wan lei? Happy birthday to u!
Poke me when you reach downtairs i open door
U FREE NOW?
Oh thank you so much!! =)
Haha alright.
Then sleep! Or perhaps grab a really tiny bite.
Okay cool.
Most people did I think. I dont think I did the last part of it right.
Dun wan oredi lar so many 4 wat... 1 enuff... Where do u always shop? Y so cheap one? Save money n buy other things 4 me... Hee...
Where all y'all at
s moulding me thru all these experiences. ? i used to be v impatient last time ;)
Sian I dun see anyone setting up): sure land training liao ):
Howz that persons story
Nt gud man.. Wat abt u ?
No
Haha but always no time sob sob sob... haha then we go buy first! Uwanna da bao home eat is it? Then movie watch  <#> pm de slot?
<#>  is fine
There are zombies! We must've hyper tele'd straight there before
Haha help to wash planes de also can say fr airforce de mah.
Uv 3 days left 2 wach all eps
Cash voucher cos she will not get an allowance for the first month
Andrew I brought a google nexus S :D
哈哈是人诚恳，话有诚意！ 哈哈睡了之后感觉满爽的！ Haha really? Oyasumi nasai? Hahaha!Morning^^ eating breakfast now
have a nice day
Simon, Simon ! Listen ! Satan has received permission to test all of you, to separate the good from the bad, as a farmer separates the wheat from the chaff. But i have prayed for you, simon, that your faith will not fail. Luke  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
Tomorrow 8am qber coding session?
Thats best.
Ohh... you joining ah?
Ehh how can like that?
Go for it, I'll just be a shit speaker =P
Whos this:-. Da.
Eh Monday nite jus go le. I wanna watch movie le. REPLY
Wah such an unsafe place ar. Haha. Okay okay. Wed afternoon shld nothave any lessons.
Shall we meet at 3pm at Choa Chu kang MacDonald?  Or do u have otherpreference?
Lol really ah.actually just talk abt the system u all have either got outsource or u got develop for other department or wat.sure got things to geng write story de mah.lol.
Lol why you send me?
Haha Hehao is pro de ah omg! Haha I sure lose:P yeap oh wells!
Lol did u know the most expensive coffee in the world comes from cat poo?
Kay. Cya there. Haha ü want to see photos?
Then gimme blood worms! See,told you it need other food!
Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
No specific time... u?
You reaching soon? Lecturer haven't start talking yet.. Hehe..
U wan gym 2moro instead? Mon do other stuffs
hmm i was thinking more towards staying in yr 3
Hey, do u all want to have lunch together tml? Got one not bad curryrice at tiong bahru. Haha. Kopitiam one.
Sure but i think it's more or less the same. Btw, did u create anymore classes other than transactionhistory n profile? If u do, do letme know too!
Oh okay sure.
Weds got nothing meh
erm. just went into lifter
Haha nope! I guess news spreads fast! Everyone seems to know at leaststh! Hahaha shahid his cluster mate! He didn't say anyth specificthough!
Yes $ <DECIMAL>  each. U all so many ppl shld not go to the traIlslike double black diamond
Message me when it starts da...
We only manage to interview 5ppl due to time limit, will continuetml. There are a few that we are quite sure of, but as for the exactnumber we r thinking of discussing with u and the REs.
I think he settle alr
U all going anywhere funny to eat?
Wat time? Who going
Haha oh so you are on it now?? My phone lagged ._. Haha hoe did youknow!! Last night towards boonlay?? Wow haha if you near enough cancheck the tv!
Happy birthday!
See u soon
Hi pals... This saturday confirm meet at orchard mrt five pm... Eat first then go watch lord of the rings ok? Or do something else.. Catch up.. Not friday..
Lol.true.bleah.
Gdmrng
where r u wor? so long.......
Good evening:)
Happy birthday!
K I am going out lunch first. Chat with you later k.
Hahaha wow nice! Way to keep ahead of the curve
Dunno leh.. What you think?
The assignments were in groups though. Else you can also check out modules with code IT1XXX. Never took them before though.
Ok thks
Hey, i  won't be coming ya? Very sorry
LOL WHY???????
HAHAHA OH DIDN'T I TELL YOU THAT'S MY MIDDLE NAME
Nop go there change
Han re
how are u?
Call lift up
Hahahahahaha
Yea wat time
Okay becoz u didn't cc to us.  Just to confirm. Thanks. So how's yourfirst experience with e koi bubble tea? Haha.
do u know about this matter??
K
Oh ok then. Jianye will be home by 4?
Na bhai koi p0sible nai
Ok see u.
re u guys?
Paiseh I check newsPaper 2day no tt show? 2day is WwF? dunno y no more liao. Maybe last wk last episode w Friends? I dunno? Sorry.
Im nw pasin bathtaramulla.il cm sn.bye *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
Weihan showed me!
U met subodini?
Ooo where! Looking for raghav and Chester's stuff!
Busy. Shal cal u
Hahha jiayou for your event! Haha if im not wrong  <#>  is thursday right?
HELO everybody care to intro pls...
Nw itself free for me
Whr ru
9 Din9 Deep9 Jyoti9 Prakashapke jevan ko sukhi kare in shubhakamnao ke saath.wish u and ur familyvery-veryHAPPY NAVRATRI.
Feeling little sleepy
oyeee chapter 7 ka hi bata de
Yeah.. May i knw u?
Okay
Hahaha thanks alot! Hopefully everything will be good!
Emo... Gg le
Lol thanks and same to you too!
<name>
Did u got my message?
Hahaha xP we definitely have to hang out. A lot. We're due a lot ofmonopoly and talking about blaze =P I miss you so much ahhhhh
Hahaha paiseh eh. I will give you the exact address tmr.
Can't want YouTube and learn meh?
Happy birthday
Ohh ._.
Great! When you go back, please get me a blank CD and AA batteriesfrom nanyang
Hi gals... Do u need dinner at aunty catherine's place?
Hi I bondings with ragha.. will come in an hour
Hi when are you coming home?
Ok. Take care.
Haha I anything lah maybe u have craving tml we tml then decide bah
Hey dearies.. On da way to e airport now.. Can msg me at 93466348 if u wanna contact me k.. Cya all when i get back! Luv ya!
Wa so late ah! The tut slot is  <#>  jan then choose. I probablytaking mon  <#>  to 1 right aft lecture!
<EMAIL> , <EMAIL>
Okay, awesome!
Got news say Saddam last time film in porn movie. Wah u got read the news?
Ohh x.x how! today!?
At lab now. Just lok for me after meeting, i wait you.
Dear you there
Lol no... not my type lor...
Ok thks
Anna just now programme finished... Going to mark papers.. Tomorrow should hand over.. Anna even tomorro wont b able to text or cl..cos have on charge..no way of charging.. It might go off..gn.Gbu
Haha I won't mind if you treat me to dinner :-P
Yes... I am... Haiyoh. I dont know what colour leh.... I think they used like 3 diff colours...
Not.
Then why you not responding
1 unit $446. I have to attemp 5 unit, so total 2230.
t worri abt it Maybe next time then...
this is bad news
Lol it's not can. Sibei jialat leh. So ugly.
hello aunty, how was ur day? :)
Moive ki epudu veldamu
Hey I am in extreme crisis. Not sure if I can make it to practicetomorrow. Really sorry!!
ok.. intermediate 1 and basic 1 u wan to sell?
Umm so when are you free to receive my instructions?
?? They nv tell u meh???
Anything lar but my mum offer to eat... She wants to go mango tonight...
Go beach play volleyball or play in the sea?
DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. HAHAHA TRUE OH WELLS I AM LAZY TO ACTIVELY SUAN JUNIORS
I love you
Sob sob sob u got test also lo T.T... y my fault T.T... u din cancelit yesterday sob sob sob I scare u not enuff credit mah T.T......
Hi ashley I wont be free this weekend for tuition. Can we push it tomonday instead?
Nt a big deal..cause i hvnt told u othr thngs
Watch bhul gaye aj.
Den ñvm lo...We hang ard will do. My bf keep hitting my head...I feel v sad.
K:)k.
HI
Do 9ja peeps buy perf?
Jus chillin, you?
ll reach town soon...
i dunno. later at 10 go online, my fren say 15 mins can liao.. at bout 1030 lor ;)
AHH EMO):):):
Can help mi ask michelle ñ gen if they can join us tis sat?thx!if can help mi ask lien oso...dun tink she saw my msg...
Wahahahaha. Then what u said to reject him? Give him chance lah. Heokay mah, can play drums. Haha. Wah seh u not bad ar, so popular ornowadays  <#>  yr old boys so desperate? Haha.
Still on the way
Ohh whoa busy girl.
Aiya!! Uuuuuuuuuuu. So yeiyei. I baobao u. Hee. Can imagine my baby
1 tha raja. 1 thi rani. dono mar gaye khatam kahani. . ! ! . . . . . ! Neeche kya dead body dhund rhe ho?
Ranger, jus an idea. If u dnt like it, thn jus ignore it, ok. My mobile no is 016-3785738. Frankly i prefer direct rather thn oters start jo
mas to you too Jianbin, and enjoy the rest of ur holiday! :)
Sorry i butt messaged you forgot to lock keypad
Your smile is very sweet.
m not...A driver!Hehehe :p
<#>
Choose 1 la lols
Ya wat... Dun have...I checked e whole tape liao..
Ya.. coz I didn't get her mail. Then Thor she din send me so I did everything
Yea they are here. Thks a lot
So how is burger king? :D
Oopsi i remembered wrong timing.. my lesson is after urs..=p rem tosilent mode
Nice.nice.how is it working?
Haha some white shoes. My bro say nice then we bought it together. Heblack I white (y)
his testimonial.. haha
Post!
I changed! Ethanol and phenom how compare acid strength
yeah. koreana. it is good.you like it?
Hmm. Ok den i try it this time.
Ok. Going karaoke later...
Wow lol. Mine is normally 1 to 2
Gd mrnn andrew. Just wntd 2 know whethr u r comin 4 classes.. Marlon megan n kerrie won b comin.
<#> *
Eh xin ah... U got any lesson u dun wan tis wk? Cos i left one more, so i thgt of finishin it...
Ok im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i wanna spend the evening with you cos that would be vewy vewy lubly! Love me
Kkr eye on both pathan brothers.
Home lo.
U go prep course nvr go SAT?
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, Some I love to avoid and others I would love to punch in the face
Not by sms, i can't check mail
its raining i cant cometo the gym 2day
U better. How does hot dogs sound for tonite?
Good afternoon, my boytoy ... How are you feeling today ? Better I hope? Are you being my good boy? Are you my obedient, slave? Do you please your Queen?
Anagana oka dheerudu c n t hall
Haha no la cny second day will meet my mum side de, then the cousinsall bring their bf or gf go one haha! I went this year before, likeaft the first two days but before the  <#>  days up!
Where to indicate? (:
Meet where
He's your date. They really want u to start playing again
Sham ko chal0ge?
Oh sian I forgot abt that. Can't take  <#>  this sem liao :(
Eh u come out in 5 min I reach inter le
m jeff 22.wanna chat?care to intro pls...
Haha no ah, why would it be? they wanna copy my notes lol.. Haha okayso you woke up in the middle of it? :D haha I paid attention!
Okie..nvm.. U dun miss me too much k.. Cya when i get back! Dun lose too much wt k! Wait for me! Haha
"Pokkiri" Film In Sun Tv @ 6pm And "Nan Ungal KAVALAN " on  <#> th @ 6pm in Jaya Tv None Can Live Without Or Opposing Vijay :) Happy Republic Day
m goin 4 lect now until 2 leh... Thk cant...
Yupz... Muz stick e foto on e booklet ma... Okie, meet at 1230?
Sorry I lag. Eat already leh.
Cum out
Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
He didn't include in the fsae guys lor, I'm thinking that was sort ofthe confirmation of ae spec and we, by default, get it anyway.
ll choose 4 u... Haha... U break w ur bryan?
I dunno! Faster come
And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
Can't pangseh class
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
He ask still friends I said forever but jus disappoint
No problem. We will be spending a lot of quality time together...
De de, way time u all going?
Ok thks! Ons still out. Send u by 2nite thks
we need to discuss. budget is ard 100-150.maybe perfume or purse loh...
Sorry!!!!
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
U say u wan eat coffee club cheese cake then is Orchard lor, else nearer bishan or amk.
not enough credit.
Haha. Okay okay. Actually, i also the same kind like u, got prob,need to tell other people de. Then, i'll feel better. So i know theneed to have good listener.
Can meet 6pm?
Hello eve are you coming after your cousin's place? Saw 7!
Enough, more than enough, haha think can add rice 6 time? Lol
Haha. Here alot of taxi.. muacks can hold u soon le.
Ahaha...try leh..see it break or not...lolz..
call you later
Yep! Can help to find articles for our handouts? Thks!
He called lol
I got one miss call
good buy
Now the lecturer explaining.. 'what is linear algebra' zzz..
I want ur dbms record.,
<#>   <#>   <#> . But not sure he confirmed not
Hi. There?
:o basically everyone is checking in today except participants.
K.k
Me ghar ke bahar hu yaar.. N paise kaha se ayenge..
Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
Hey when ll you do the redirection?
Sir I think I'm beginning to see how the discount works. Let say perpax is $ <#> .  <#> % off for 2 will be $ <#> . For 3 pax,  <#> % offtotal bill will still be $ <#> . In other words, 1 card only gives adiscount in absolute dollars or something.
A-. Haha.
Why I dont allow?
hello
okok. wondering y u nv send reminder today. seeya later then
U when free lols
Khelne chal0ge 7 bje ke aaspas?
P.o. Box AN  <#> . Accra - North. Ghana
From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
Noted!
Wen someone is so sweet to u Dont expect that they will be like dat all the time- Because even the sweetest chocolate has an expiry date.!
t c a thing when i count to 3 u shall fall asleep 1,2,3,Zzz
Haaa. So coincidental. Ur mama juz msg me. Open more heart
....... Good evening frenz :-P
<#>  Ishita
yei yei rem to eat k
Thanks for the quick reply. :-)
Oh ps reply ur previous msg! Lols thks I might cut later. Two imma inhostel now
No i'm busy. sorry :/
Oh. I can buy her cake =D
Chillin, sup?
Eating in hostel?
RAM change hua hai 1, <#> /- ki. And servicing ki shop wala  <#> /-le rha hai.
Awww you still got attachment?
I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
K. Did you call me just now ah?
normal time 6.30am. My room.
I have them
K.anyways u didnt tel me first abt dis site.u told to veena only na.after dat only sterday u told me
ve driving... Sorry sorry... But we can still meet at 10 hows ur advanced theory?
Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
Dunno got things to buy a not... But my sis flying off today...
I will. Nothing to worry. Get well soon. God bless...
I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
Hi!tdy v slack,alot of free time!We explored the campus, I boughtonigiri n sushi! V nice haha! I can receive sms for free! There's nowifi here coz need pw):
yei yei I chop chop pong pong first hre
No probably  <#> %.
thamasha aano?catch u latwr..
chal ab tu bhi utar de
Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
Back?
kuch nai...yar jo nasir sahab ne list lagwai thi project ki wo choose kar sakte hain ya choose ho chuke hain?abid se bhi pooch lena
Hahaha niceeeee
Huh really? I thought Edwin tay said only if out parents not assured,I dun rmb nanao ppl or Xi'an ppl saying they have leh!
Haha^^ tmr! Coming soon hahaha (: ok ok can suddenly pat:P my headnot absorbing biochem at all! Haha yeah I want kickass gadgets too!Haha go play now!
Want to share present for yip
Eating now?
Oh...ok good...candy got ask u can book lorry?...
t go cos my mom is very against it..
The internet page cannot be open..
Lol no idea eh. Army men must ask jeff LOL
Alright lol
I don't have any to give you
fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.
Idk, remind me tmr I check my book!
Blocks
s ur roommate?
Nope. Help me buy.
We reaching soon wait for us
Yeiyei down thete have rain ma?
Hom le dar
Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well.
Wait, how big do you want the trollies?
bout u?
eh. not yet. need to discuss anything?
I'm not that bad to people who are helping me can.
Wah okay.
have u call singtel already?
I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
Just left house lol.
Haha he said no problem. :-)
SEN:-174043,YOUR NAME?
if daddy calls back ask him to call uncle..
Wake me up at 2 pm:)
OK pirashna illa...P?¤thu seiyal?¤m...:-D
Lol n1 erm tmr still dunno want bring macbook ornot you want to pass autocad?
I dun have arp today:D
Ok
Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
At least he is coming dear... Better than no show right?
chal to jae ga...nai chala to guru ha na
So its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! How are you. Just saying hi.
Meet where?
Am up
Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
wat time u going ?
Ami clas e achi.sip prctcl dkhache.cnt go out nw.
So when u gg hm
>< then just let me know when it is bah, I prefer today!
Oh did you charge camera
Don't worry love =)
Oh ok baby even i jst ate
tom we meet qide 6pm at ps.. hes interested too...
Orh!! When u want to go bank? Mug mug u la! Hee
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12
Have u had brekky?
dar, juz sync, no need commit
Will you be here for food
While cmg can u brng maths bk i l take xerx &give
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
Hey are you there:)
What doing
Ryan tse haha:P
Ok your scaring me. U usually kick me outta bed. What's the deal?
S what doing.
Haha oh no>< I woke up at  <#>  haha! Ooo maybe! I fell asleep around3 :P today is super cold btw! Oh oh okay then at least got something!Ohh okay I hope you do well! Haha>< I will ganbarimasu! Haha okay!! Iwill work v hard next year:D
Sorry, I can't help you on this.
Gilly for punjab
Why 6pm?
My day was ok. Lea mly 25 f. W ur frm? Work or study?
Nice!
.FEB <#>  DRESS CODES: *PINK- goin 2 propose. *ORANGE- alredy in luv. *BLUE-applications welcomed. *BLACK-not interested in love. *YELLOW-failiure *GREEN-accepted. *RED-already booked. WHITE-double side NOTE: 1.ALL COLLEGE n SKOOL STUDENTS MUST FOLLOW THIS DRESS CODES. snd 2 al collage N SKOOL Studnts. .Have an happy advanced valentines day.
Hi Stewart, today at  <#>  ok for villa verde. Let us know where weneed to meet. Thanks. For Warren, Sunday is better.
Gadi le aya?.. Its runing fyn na?.. N tc of mama.. Gadi b dhyan se chalana
Haha okay thanks! (:
When does the concert end?
Ehh? Haha kristacia, Huiwen, herngyi, Chester!
Heh thanks alot! :-D
Hmm. I think she liked her sis one more.  But since that's what dmsaid, they probly need different watch for different occasions..
t see. look gd eh...heehee...
I at cck now..
Vanta solu pa
Sorry, I'll call later
Lols jkjk I dun wan
Haha okay la I don't find it out of the ordinary leh. I may be xiaozhi but my that thing is da zhi de lor!
SMSCASTLE A Man Tries To Keep His Mobile On a Table.. But Where Ever He Keeps It, It Falls.. How.? ? ? ? Bcoz There Is No BALANCE In The Mobile..
Oh cool.. so I don't have to be careful :-*
Do I need to get a separate receipt? Cause still buying other stuff.U need any cup noodles or drinks?
Poor man
How much s tat i ve ly  <#>  i ll give me change
ll ask others..
No, i haven't left my house and i'm deciding what to bring
Brilliant thanks :-)
Yeah see! But have to meet up sometimes what! Ohh i'm going  <#>Dec! Woohoo ate bak kut teh today!!
Haha alright im walking over.
Hahaha eating ikan bilis and nuts! (:
no prob
Walking down
Hello! Do you still have your cm <#>  stuff? Can I borrow?
Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
where to eat?
Me!
An all seeing eye is one of few symbols refrng to Lucifer whom it is though will pas judgment. Below the eye is a rhombus like tear becz he mourns 4 those outside his influence
ROM stands for read only memory lor. but rom bash i not sure
Why would I do that?
Ahh sorry I just left the house! Sorry sorry I overslept><
Yep :D
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes & fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
Eman and the others he say. Guess is yuhan and peeps
U alone? Ask ur dad to fetch u. If really stuck at mrt, den i see whether my dad car ard i go fetch u home lor.
Wen can i get it frm u
Hihi. Pls check ur email.. the final draft is in the dropbox. We'llbe submitting the report by  <DECIMAL>  after everything's finalised.
Aight, I'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way
Play games in laptop.
m at e left side...
6 short ho gae
He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
Update your face book status frequently :)
His phone no batt
happy new year
Hahaha yup I think just go ahead bah. I dont know how to settle theguard thoufh
Oic... You have the exact model of shoe in mind already?
Ok dun be angry, i try to keep some away from them den i give u eat k...
Woo. But would the conceded goal prove to be crucial? Haha.
u there already ? wait a while more. traffic jam
Sounds good!
Hello... Hows your monday going?
Creative? He go song brother or else where? Got test e quality,
Guess! Sure correct one! haha the TV is in front of the dining table!V lame, my dad ask my mum whether wanna go dunno which clinic, my mumsay too far, then keep saying, but dun want to decide, make until mydad damn pissed haha._.
K.k.
Hihi people! Lessons start today 4 pm at meeting room 4 next to hodroom! (: see you!
When break
K lok! Lg gdboy listento lp dardar
Dar want go up?
Reached le
Dun understand ur sentence lol... happy haha... random... I justreach home! Sleep by 1 like quite impossible lol
I sent you  <#>  bucks
In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
What u got planned for today? Work work and more work?
Hi
Hmm.. u all dun eat too full hor.. got beehoon. Haha
Meh nothing happened parents cut net just tell the rest
I call you now?
coming out le
Waitng for bus le. Ps
Hi afternoon.... What ya doing? Rain again.... Boring....
Boonkeng lo. Hey you not going to stay over?
Vidhut
how are you today ?
Kl?!
OMG HAHAHA POKE!!!!
ai ya, die.. haven really start revising
ok thanks
this is cool
I can't just ask them to take care of everything
?
Gud mrng Mohit,I called u bt nt responded.Today I am really nt feeling well and also have to visit my doctor.So, I will nt able to come.Regards,Ankit
Hahaha I can't keep him away from it, he always take to play! Haha ohtrue :/ but can move on to the next chapter of our lives! Haha! Soexciting! Haha HOPEFULLY AH! Haha but diff type of coffee tastedifferent! Haha no I'm not mugger x.x lol autocorrect put nuggetshahaha!
Ah wait..it's opening
I'm not sure abt that..
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOODMORNING
My dear brother i am very glad at your success.
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
s stars or moon, as long as ur heart is true, sweet dreams will always be wif u. Gd Nite!
Hahaha np! Chinese was not too bad I guess but chem just die ah! Hahagood for you (: sleep more! Haha yeah she took and type then send LOL.haha why you want to see it!!! Yeah haha I know you are kidding coz Ididn't!
m at heeren, gettin a drink... Dun feel lk goin home juz yet...
Hey rem to send by tonight!
Send ur email.hope you are fine.take care.my email is  <EMAIL>
Haha eh come lvl2.
Goodjob sergeant! I m proud of u
Haha told my roommates! that's all haha! I dunno, like go out of theway to separate us? haha dun want coz same group of friends mah thenseparate will be v sian! Haha ryan says he met you at it fair?
.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
2moro wan go sentosa volleyball
Lol oh yeah. Haha wait till tmr you remember to bring your hard disk first. XD
Haha! Not jollibean? I spent too long putting on contacts. Might b late
Whoaa okay! I'm going to bathe so you can leave anytime you want? (:
Saturday I free le. Wan do any shitz
Remember to eat k darling. Lub lub u
Yeah. Told her I try to go down next week.
Miss u too darling! Reach home safe hor
Dunno how often, not really free but if want hardcore early morningis possible. No racket, but can borrow then buy when get more used.Play sports need reason?
Any girl here
Wah seh so many ppl untruthful to u ar? Haha.
Alright xP
Eh sorry leh... I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?
okok can can thanks ah!!! sorry hahaha I just suddenly have alot of ideas for the game
I noe suntec one got doggie puzzle, but dunno if got chihuahua anot... 300 pieces quite ok lor....
t see what they offer tonight i go home then see... Later got match
Real time full time cockster
Sure sure! Thanks!
Oh me appearing with ryan!!! Hahaha coz you feel cold!!!!
XP
U bath already ah. U still want to come out?
hi
Ok.
S :-)dhoni always have some luck to win great matches.
Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though
Rmb last time u made us a name label in thailand? For example, garywong n the thai words? I saw someone havin it as well but in anothercolor. It stated shen chee. I wonder if u know him. Haha.
Got red riding hood. Thriller
Ok
630... Huh, u got soccer game comin up ah... Wow, ur hall really got a lot of activity lor...
They don't have them they said and I'm checking Walmart for the one we need
make it boy
good bye
Wat is da plan for tmr? Wat r we doing?
No friendly
Hmmm... Okie lor... Den i buy liao k...
Go online to e nus admissions website...
Hi Andreu,anna has left the chanel chit at home. Give him the dr's name n number n any other things 2 convince identity
sure.. meet u at 6pm to c qide ya.. mus turn up on time ah.. rem to zap ur ic too
Yea I tink so ba
Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams & Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night & sweet dreams
Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
Woo wah got new bags again eh.
Okay.
t find either
Really? You should get a fan, it'll probably help a lot
Dad, what time you off work today?
Lol im here already.
Have an early rest, aunty. :-)
Lol end of may liddat
ard 8pm i got pick u up ok?
BE HOPEFUL ALWAYS.
Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym?
Meet at tanjong pagar station at one? If dun have den juz go shoppin, haha...
Ok. So april. Cant wait
bblg wan giv morning call ar? hee
Yeah im serious lol. Im still at the bus stop.
Oh fuck I 2moro nid meet lee wee yan at  <DECIMAL> !
Ng Wei Cheng Truman <DATE> <#> <#>  Mariam walk2 star kayakingSmall sizeNo medical conditionNot sure blood typeRicky Ng thiam hockDad ( <#> ) <#> <#>  Mariam walkThanks!
AOI BUTA
U going for ss lecture later?...
Oh, you got into same course as meijun...   you will have company then...
Paranjille?
I do get a kick out of Mark freaking out cause he's trying to figure out why I'm yelling.
Except for the reason of not showing indirect route if got direct,wat else need to add in?
Here we go with the rabid symbolism again
Sorry, I'll call later
Friday night babe
Okok. Start at 7 izzitk
How many days  ?  <#> jan till 5feb
I mean calling!
really?
Life is enjoyable right nw, bt meaningless, coz in army nw, abit waste of my time
Moi atha logai dim to...naiba beji xuta di silai dim
Why you told to dad.
Did chechi call you.
i mean u getit from   him, then u will knowwho to call mah.
Haha were you on time?
Thanks for loving me so. You rock
Yes. Today I think I just find out the results of Mondays test. I'm hoping that's all. I'm sick of being poked.
Wa liew just now the lift show full load and stop at  <#>  floor siaso scary...
That's his sister btw!
s my only session...
Where are you
Hey hey. What time you off sch?
Yup. Gg Joel no mms too. Where u find tt thing
Cause business something something theez are my beeisness socks!
Yeah man.. Are they here..
My dear, add oil too... I love u
Wr r u? In clz
You download and patch maple then too ho
The ones here xP
Any
Lol lie to me
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Yar lor... But if go later hor we muz go by ourselves... Then how... Ü still sleeping ar me eating now oredi ü still sleeping...
Sorry, I'll call you  later. I am in meeting sir.
K..
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
Hi ppl sorry I typed wrongly! It's  <#>  noon at amk mrt, we can havelunch at a prata shop near timo's house! Rmb to reply (:
yar dost ha to apna
Idk
HAN
Oh... Okie thanx... So u stayin in hostel today...
Let me know if that's the case. Then I will talk to him. =)
fantasia rocks- you are my fantasy!
Ok da.
???
Swypo haha and groooss xP
s for the 1st 500 ppl... lemme knoe asap if u r gg k!
Oh. I  <DECIMAL>  end. Wan go back 2gether?
What you doing?
I don't know leh. I just ended class. Haha.
Mom our examination will start from 5th december.So i am coming home after my exam.Bye
We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
Yes ~~~ play Japan life!!!
Zai chi.. ni ne? I totally fell asleep just now sia! just woke uplol. U suddenly disappear!
hee. (i really smile one ok! ) dear dear go take shower then relax urbrain a bit! mugggs.
Doin dat website thing baby
Hongkong. The song v nice rite
Ok lar me not busy now. My dog going 2 b homeless e pet hotel is fully booked. Do u noe of others?
Now I got christopher, chooitene, chuanwah, michelle as gls only.Like not enough right? I dont know if anyone from our clique wants tobe gl. :(
<#>
Up coming movies***1: Jab we chat2: Namaste facebook3: Hum aapke hai mutual friend4: 7 gaali maaf5: Hum like kar chuke sanam6: Kabhi relationsh ip, kabhi single7: Maine poke kyu kiya8: Mujhse chatting karoge9: Mere Brother Ki Profile
Find them Lo. Sohjie yuanhan
ya i know liao got loophole
Ok. Btw i didnt knw dat word. I usd google to tel u dat :)
Hi! Esther r u still there
Yeah for sure!
When are you free? Wanna come hostel or something?
Sorry, I'll call later
5 la I tink. Meet simei  <DECIMAL> pm?
Reach home le bblp
Eh jus tell me!
Oh gosh I didn't think of that! You  got dis!!! Rock your finals! <3
Lols I will see bout it
Hey i managed to configure my laptop... So no need to look for the piece of paper... Thanks!
Ind  <#>  for 7:)lax  <#> .lead  <#> :-).
Haha no lah is sign 2 year  <#>  trade in only  <#> ! Plus I tink mysis want my itouch so I sell him $ <#>  lo lol... haha wait till myplan up lo... now I got 1 gb can use a lot arh... I tot u just send?
Noob ar! Lols my parents want go great sg sales...
Aiya im going2 british council.il b bak soon.if sum1 z searchin 4me nam giv me a rng.ok.dnt tel dat im dere:-) tc
Well, our army are well trained! U can always find general Cheng todo all the dangerous stuff!
Lara said she can loan me  <#> .
Darling I m on the way to clementi station. Call u When reach. Kiss u
No worries. I did loan with anjappar fellow
Hello,hows your exercise regime going? Last nite,I dreamt that ü called my hp,but i couldnt hear a word ü were saying because of poor reception. Weird dream...
Hi mom i miss you so much.
What time to pick you? Please reply !
Coz juz nw got other group doing communication also.
Abhi kyu bheji?
Yup.
teri tyari nai hoi abi?tu to bol raha tha ke optical easy ha
Ok!
Gudnite....tc...practice going on
apni na lana
I tried calling and could not get ahold of him. By the way, what isthe combo to your entertainment center? I want to play wow withevelyn
Yea
Jam! so wil take a while to reach
Wait I asking my bro!
=D
I lub ub lub lub u darling! Rub rub u too hee
halo, remember to bring transparency tomolo. thanx :)
I want pizza.
it is very helpful better than destroy
Checking
Eh quite ok mostly common sense and got abit consumer psychology onelol... the project is analyse a company
Ok..
Love you too papa :-)
Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
Kal
Nxt wk ah... Okie lor... Fri? Hmmm, i dunno leh, anywhere will do... Juz a place to sit n chat lor...
Haha yes!!!!!!!! CHINESE IS OVER FOREVER!!! Omg the person so evil!!!So are you meeting her now?
I gave you the keys when you have Marilu yours
K, thanks maga
No meh. Still got another batch
Haha cos I got a best gf to pei me.overnight mah... fat fat! AlthoughI also hungry lol I tink later i go eat something also
Haha yeah I kinda miss it already! Haha why did you want to connectanyway! What the!!! Haha seriously no wonder you all talk so pervone!!! Haha coz she fell asleep in the middle of the bed and I didn'twant to wake her up! I share bed with alot if ppl before! Ohh noheadache? Go sleep!!! When are you meeting your friend? Haha yeah:Pnext time got chance I ask him show you:P
I m waiting
Chou laogong gooooooooood morning!! Hee.wat time u slpt yesterday?
*deep sigh* ... I miss you :-( ... I am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... Don't you miss me?
I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
No, what thing?
K..gud nyt dude..
So clean! I musht trim my sideburns
Ah no, I need to store my things for camp lol
CDD wants those on MC to be reported immediately becoz of SARS.Action will be taken against non compliance
Oye bhai s0ry i f0rgt to wish u.. Hapy bday bro belatd i h0pe ths year u'l hv al0t of succes
Gt bring?
Yea I tink so!
No dear i was sleeping :-P
Cool :-)
Say frankly da
m considering liao mah. I duno, i not v interested in e show n i dont wan go out on both weekend. Sunday we meeting 4 lunch w e rest right.Ok we meet 5 orchard shop shop eat dinner. Most prob i b at John Little at 4.30.
Haha okay I go find you now.
WAKE UP
Hi Andreu, where r u now? V got it activated by  <DECIMAL> . Sent a few mesages. But u'l have 2 chek n give details. I spoke 2 ashok n wished him. May God bles u. Bye
m going back east side of singapore in e morning... Too far to travel back lah. Haha... Enjoy ürself tml!
Oh ok...
Yes, hope to go.. I won't do the assignmnt if i stay home...
Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty...
Change mother board i don't know rates
i gt a camera macho. so no need nw. thanks da.
Yeah when are you coming back?
Yup knock off liao, but i still go a stack of invoices to print...
Indeed! What are you up to?
Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... Ü all got how many pages?
Go for arp wat thing
<#> varudathirku 1murai pookum kurinji malar kuda UNGAL punnagaiyai parthaal 1Naalukku鈥??murai pookum.!鈥┾??〢dhukaga Ippadi ellam siricha pookave pookathu.! Gud mor
Thanks alot mr tan.
Thk u all 4 responding quickly. Ryan n xf cant go. Ron,xy,sh,leona,yijue,me n xinyi ok. I booking online. Any objection? State gal boy fren coming? No backout ü
And pack dinner also.. sheares food not good today
love u
I have to see u
Nope.
Cl.
Hee ... Later he will say he got see ur sms but u don believe him ok ... I never say ... Feel so happy for u ...
They said ü dun haf passport or smth like dat.. Or ü juz send to my email account..
Im sure you did fine.... Hmmm... Im at amk now.... Half day off....
Same.
Awesome thanks :-)
Supper? My treat.
Morning my wonderfully yei yei girl ! Love love u!
I come le someone seating beside me is too dirty :(
Is different from our notes one?
Haha yeah damn lucky! And lucky never see us at jp too haha! Yay goodfor you, hope you are home le! Haha yeaps next week! ^^ going to napnow, think you should too! See you later! V^^
Hee...welcome!enjoy ür dae den!
Morning ~~~~
Dts surprisin... Instant reply... what else can i do? Busy on projects.. studyin studyin studyin
How come u at home?
Hahas yea tonight we doing it :)
Hahaha I really cmi one!! Haha okay I'll ask ard!
U go temple alone?
Hihi ppl who borrowed blazers! If its possible, can you drop by schtmr morning from ard  <DECIMAL>  onwards to return your blazer?Yeaps:D and you can get your $$ back too! Sorry for the late sms!Please let me know if you're coming and what time (:
Ooo that was so just nice that I stopped replying!
Thanks.
plzz forgive me..
K.no problem:)
Ok sure thanks a lot!
Ya
Pay money to lose weight? Why?
So u r single n avail?Hehe...
I apologise for the other night as well. I understand yourfrustrations as I hope you understand mine and agree that we shouldmove forward. I understand you're trying to do your best, and so am I.We all love you as well
Nop. Yest was cip dicussion niaz.. not fun de
Did you asked?
Where r u? Can u take auto?
Photos check ki gmail pe.
U think I'm fat?
Ahh sorry! I was outside! When's the next time you come nearby? (:
Ok i shall talk to him
m dying...
1's finish meeting call me.
<DECIMAL>
Lol your always so convincing.
hey i have a new number.. 91074867 yep. i chose biz ad. you ?
Yea I have spoken to him liao. Indeed he is upset over dat..
Reason is if the team budget is available at last they buy the unsold players for at base rate..
Hahah no problem, I'm really glad to help!
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this saturday we will be meeting atholland village xlb buffet dinner at 5pm. See ya then!
Lol behave
Mmkay. You coming later on?
Lol I was too tired after napfa that I slept at 9pm.
Thanks alot!
i like it more than han dynasty.
they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  <#> ish?
Lols not training?
Ouch that sucks gws
Hmm what should I wear!
They found a way to change the item they put in trade to look like an <#> costume. Your really getting a bikini bottom or something cheap. But on your end it will show up as the right costume. Ppl have been making threads about it on the forums for weeks now. Ninjas just close them and say they are false rumors.
Ok can.
U nvr see right?
Me n him so funny...
Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed & Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
Lols sohjie yuanhan using my comp. I finally know why tt guy called boyka le
Conserve the batt. Tell me when u're home.  Muggggs.
s nothing lah
Okay i haf alreadi sent an invitation 2 u all 4 e class yahoo gp so pls check ur email n follow e necessary instructions ya?!if got prob let mi noe kz...
Mr lee I got smthing on on Monday morning. Sry that I can't make it
Joel's idea1st idea, ball roll and hit a bottle, it topples and cause water toflow in a plastic river channel like a pvc tube cut in half, whichcarries a boat, when this boat hits a 'bridge' like a ice cream stickbridge this will push another bal or two other ballsl to continue thechain rxn.2nd idea, ball activates air pump, blows up balloon, when balloonreaches some height it pushes a seesaw to make the next ball to rolldown a slope.3rd idea, nails block a ball from entering a channel, ball hits magnetinto position whereby it attracts nails away and cause ball to rollinto channel.
Wat the! I will break it soon
Haha sian! My grandma taking forever in the toilet!
So not staying de dont need pay for chalet?
Okay im walking over.
No dear feeling alone
U leh, watching tv?
Rofl thanks ahh.
Hey I do  <#> ?
Haha ok lor. Go shop a while then go home sleep lor. Else i like no time shop mah. Actually i not v sick but my colleague all encourage me go then i go lor.
Got the bus...Bus will start at 10
Haha why am I suanning? >< noo!! Nice timing:D hahaha! Yay! You andChester couple earphones!!!
I'm in a function
Good
Lol idk how to use the spin ones but up to you
Wa I forgot today got marketing study also T.T.. now I also minus<DECIMAL>  le sianz
Lol maybe he not in your class. XD
They said he gave a customer too much of a credit on their bill. No it wasn't me he works for Verizon lol. But he's suspended while they investigate.
This is super ridiculous. Now me and pearlin have to slp without evenfan till  <#> am.
Where are you?
good
Hey! Just wanted to say I love you more than you love me no returns!
Haha yup! Direct bus nvm de la! (: haha nope, I'm super late for chinese le:x
Of cuz la... Hee. Den its us again...I miss u!
Sent
But you have it O.O
i am going jogging now
Haha yes mdm! I hope can sleep by 3! Haha will take effect soon Iguess lol... haha u watching.finish ur other show first lah then I askmy mum lend u lol
Yay !:-*:-*:-*::-*:-*:-* dum dum lub lub u
I didn't see u! We left at 2. Now at home le
Pora na kotadaka
LOL yes so fun! No cca sup!
We r at mbk oredi... Where r u?
I said no i cant... They came... Itz nt posibl 4 me 2 bcm a baffoon in frnt of thm... Sry...
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Haha in case you wanna do something or plan event.
Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
hey wa.. do u wan2 go 4 free haircut at toni and guy? they launching new styles nd models..
At the round table outside tech svcs at the com1.
Nola9wsmonster <#>
He said it was terrifying!! And the rest never reply what the!!!Hahaha is it you gonna watch with your church friend?? Then I shallwatch with ryan! :P
Hee!!muuacks. I looove u so much !! U so sayang me also. Kiisses!!
2moro gt on wad
Now..now break ..
Then i buy.
Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
excellent. I spent  <#>  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
m not drivin... I neva develop da photos lei...
thankyou for your help. Mahanil will attend to it. Many thanx. GBU.
What?! Lol go where buy?
Hiya, great to hear from ya. Actually just gottem home, from a few days of chalet at sentosa. Very bad case of sunburn, so tired. Talk to ya tomorrow? Night :)
Np (:
I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
nai ha
O.o wat sia.lol.at kovan nia.still got hu meeting earlier?
HAHA YOU FAIL!!!!!!!!!!! SUPER CUTE SIA YOU LOL LOL LOL
Last week 90.000 QT noby strike. put TM race 3. we buy box 13# 2, 11, 4. take Law n Order infront $12. Hopying TM heavy rain.
Roget
Okay
Central Secretariat metro
hey andy sori real late in writing tis. So how yer feelin after a bountiful friday? Jus wana tell you did an awesome job. You just go from strength to strength. They ought to give you most talented/versatile performer of the night. Alright, seeya at Talentquest. Hope h2obabes dun get triple.
Nope he never say! I have no idea leh, ask him accompany you home(:hahaha! Why were you up so early! I'm going hostel in awhile (:
K.
Lol ya lo still say u strong lol... ok rephrase sob sob sob so fastsick of seeing me T.T...
Where ü all going...
im nt sure.. bt lets get.. else no xmas feelin.. bt i dun feel like meet if got mei.. hee
Okay. I see you tmr.
I did that too but got  <#>  ways
Haha. I going Cathay watch movie.. next time then buy ba
Earliest I can come in tml is abt  <#> .
K tel later
Night sweety. See u tml at  <#> . Love u so much! Muacks
Yeah lol
Ok. Heee luuuub u
Haha.. If u want to go out then better bring dog too.. Then ur dog help u to clear path way..
Yeah..
Yo yo. Drink up more alright. Come np visit us when you are bored at home ^^
The stop after oasis get off hope not too late the reply
From where? U going home le? Or
Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
Yo yo Jeremy. Can transfer $ <#>  to my account  <#>  by tmr? Gotaccounts to settle, sorry ah. Thanks alot! :)
Expect mre frm urself thn frm othrs coz expectation frm othrs hurts a lot while expectation frm urself inspires a lot.gn - via WAY2SMS.COM
Ic... I tot u go wif xf... Hee... Joking lar...
Oh the Bukit timah run? Lol 2day run good form for 1st 2km after ttheel strike mch more lax to run
Yeap got ah.
Please confirm once you remove.
Okay. Noted.
Lol i thought you wanna get your gun first.
Really he din say... He only told me after i msg u... Then wat u doing now?
I spent money... Emphasis on sale. Stuff are 50 and 70 percent off. But lucky dont have e one u bought for me. Haha.
I thought u got to meet client? For the website?
Will u attend calulus lec tmr?
hi good morning have a nice day
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
Lol you want exciting can just go watch high school of the dead. Butit's damn lame lol.
Hall... No nd wat, unless u wana stay in hostel... Gen goin smu, mich i dunno...
My house. Going to the post office to pick up my mail. Still feeling drowsy after the medicine. A little hungry... Where are you? Out for dinner?
ll motivate me. Anyway nvm lah, think troublesome for u too. U study hard at home k.
but u promised to come back! how can u???
Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight
Timo cmi now in physics o class
Lol house la. But the bus v fast de
chapter 5 ka confirm hoa?
Has darren and vincent been attending astro?
:/ oh well
No nicky I dunno, but dillon chinese is damn good de lor. Hahapressure as usual, Sophie say she dun really wanna go if i'm not goinghaha, feel bad if I dun go, coz then the next time to go is like dunnowhen le! And I confirm going 3 on 3 comp next year so jan prollycannot le haha._.
I'm Not Shakespear 2 Write About U. I'm Not Sonu 2 Sing About U. I'm Not MF Hussain 2 Paint U. I'm Just ur shadow 2 Say, I'm Always With U..
It doesn't mind cc or c# or #c but doesn't want ccc. The direction isthe main point. It takes the right most cc or c# and schwas it off andthen from there keeps going in groups of two until there are no more
Cheryl yeow!
Call me tomorrow
Ph0ne kar0
What is my returns?
4w technologies in guindy..he get this job before one month and worked for two day and leave that job:)now he again joined today:)
Hey so is it on  <#> rd
Nvm 2moro den gimme lo
Haha its alright! Wow I just got this): have fun! (:
Hee.. on my daddy car ..just left house
Haha yeah now dun have! Err I have no idea, probably accept lah! Theymay not know she dun like them haha! Oh no tmr how? Stay home rest?Sleep early! Drink more water! Haha what? No point for me to try talksense into her lah, she only listen to my relatives one!
Lol ok.yeap sending when I get home.lol.was out until now to interview pple for outsourcing project.lol.
Hey can u do ur part of the extended essay and send me? Bout  <#>  words
gooood morning yeiyei! muggggggss hee.
Oh... I see. So when we meet? Or you look for me at ea and we go together?
U still using modem???
Mai abhi niklu?
Jyjy!! Haha what he wearing?? I'm going to get colour extensions tmr!!!!!!
So!
We're gonna get dinner in like  <#>
Coming?
Hey love.. sorry I crashed =(
Yo, call me when you get the chance, a friend of mine wanted me to ask you about a big order
When can you open in the morning? I need to take the quad
Truman here. Do u have my assignment?
Keep asking me to inform billy and ask dillion if he wan join. Fucker siaz
U guys watch liao, u wana watch twice meh... Not too bad to watch alone oso la...
Hahaha omg you dunno????
call me now
Math k ilawa b kbi kuch kr lia kr
Maine pucha kya sabzi khai?
Ade i time lo enduku
9 plus
Got buy breakfast?
Dun have sob sob sob all full sob sob sob... later u choose anotherstudy liao lo T.T...
Hahahah. I told him "I knew you'd be a Mytho girl!"
Dear I reached home le!!!!! Hee love love you!!
I mean your sister eh?
Buzzzz! *grins* Did I buzz your ass? Buzz your chest ? Buzz your cock ? Where do you keep your phone ? Is the vibrator on ? Did you feel it shake ?
Koi ni . Mai ne sara papr musa se kia hai. Saray short aur long ki headings
Happy birthday doood
If i get B+ or above, i'll give u a treat. Haha.
Hurry
85631397 studying in school again ah?
Lol I know. Yesterday was so bad. Everything I did was wrong. I felt like Charlie Brown
Eh ü neva call home one ar?
House
Sup?
Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
Hope u have finishd at exam centre. Yasn aunty in ICU at durdens frm last nite. Cough. Brothr told. Next wk u can visit her.
My painful personal thought- "I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone"
He he... At home now. Can not go to support you le...
s y wan so early.. i scared cant wake up on time also, but no choice since she need 2 wk...
Wat d?
Jus say my idea
OK sure. Will reach in  <#>
Bangalore
Creat a folder.
comfortable. Best 4 sleeping. I haf to write a letter 2 request taking e exam @ later time. So when do u want 2 watch Funeral March
There are professors in here too, but I'd bet my ass it's some pissedoff hung over grad student
Sorry we got something on at the last minute. We'll collect themsomewhen next week.
Hi Paul.
Ok. Let's meet at the lecture venue. :-)  see u
You created every part of me. You put me together in my mother's womb. When my bones were being formed, carefully put together in my mothers womb, when i was growing there in secret, you knew that i was there- You saw me before i was born. The days allotted to me had all been recorded in your book, before any of them ever began. Psalm1 <TIME> , <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
White for dc...
Not sure wat time end but shldnt be too late
1) B <#> . 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) wkday nights,prefer wkend, or otherwise arrange when school timetable isconfirmed.
P
He play well..he played in camp league in david hussy team.big hitter.
Not coming back tonight?
Really
O i played smash bros  <#>  religiously.
Ah ok.lol dun too late leh haha cos I already drag quite long liao arbo can't write finish.wahaha.
Yup. E sch website got u search within e sch pages.
Ehh I might have arp sorry>< I'll get back to you asap!
hi gal wat msg u send juz now?
Have u eaten??
Waa so late still got lesson?
Rain,wat kind of business u r doing?
Lol I tot u have some company in mind cos u say mass spam
Wah kent, u wanna sell insurance ar? Call so many ppl! Haha.
Hey Monica did u help to collect our bibs?
Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
Lol you're online? Where hiding you!!!
Fineeeeeeeeeee hahaha ps!!!!!!
Message me when u watching thx
s a good time to take basic theory test now?
Jens is a good  <#> m runner. I got  <#>  min for napfa lols. Sorrybut u put me in handball I sure join haha
I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  <#>  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
Wat hapnd wit tomasulo?
Eh sorry...I tink 5.30 better...Cya =)
Yes. I tell her to wash everything.
Eh I tink we meet at 6 instead ba. Cus it closes at 8
Hi how are you?
Haha okay no problem next time bah!
Having dinner wif parent lor. How come u so free?
Morning got training ah? I went hack u nt there Oo
Hey anyway i have to :-)
In my room cupord my file will be there...I need copy of Degree certificate and SSLC certificate..scan and send it to me pls
Yeap.
Next week 1 3 5 free. Sentosa on any one
MOON has come to color your dreams, STARS to make them musical and my SMS to give you warm and Peaceful Sleep. Good Night
Later u got overnight at lyvia hse? wan light painting?
long time no go SLS, tomolo wanna go
Heyyo how go Spencer hse
Yea.. one paddle how mch
U nvr say earlier. Haha. I had mine. Now onlu step out from my hse.
I am not feeling well
Thats cool. How was your day?
Okay. Thanks.
Haha u nv notice I use the word 'come', means I eating macs now.
Lol 9pm.
Okay. Steady lah u.
Aight yo
Shiju hw r u dear?
Later ard 3 den pick me up ok...
waiting for bus back le. reach home then call u k. oh ya!! drink morewater my bblg!!
put blanket hor! hee
No lah I drink arts. de.... just an example... fat fat! Lol... Wootlast Sunday one is not really last min something on lah T.T....
I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can ü get it fr him..
ll b a bit late... Cos forgot to take smethg...
Its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . Ques- which colour suits me the best?
Ok :)
Gud mrng.Khushbu se bt hui meri.
how u spendin ur xmas?
Ur haircut not bad lah, quite nice and dun really look gong. Ok lah rest early if really tired. :-)
Icic. Actually, i just wanna clear as my breadth so i'll be able toSU it. Next sem i got to take 6 mods in order to graduate.
Mayawati Mulayam se: What is condom? Mulayam: ye wo cheej hai jise agar tumhare baap ne lagakar tumhari Maa ko choda hota, to poora U.P. Sukoon me hota.
hi, the book is called marketing by kerin. i am selling the book at $24, can meet u on monday
Htcdroid
Really ah??
Ya sure.. We chk answrs 2rw
U don't remember that old commercial?
Please start first if you're hungry.
What time Wilk you be coming?
Black. Thks! Pay u when we meet
Ya I guess I ll go alone
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
Must win hor.. Or else you dun eat tonight... Hee.
t c outside.
can u wan it todae or? its nt like e one ur mum hav ya...
Hahas kk
ll noe...
Yea he send already. No pro.
Lol use the sample lo edit from there lol
Mr lee I got smthing on on Monday morning. Sry that I can't make it
Yes andrew,i also dictatin d sam wn im prayin.i ws repeatin d sm.tanx.t.c.g.b
Yo me van jeff and fab reached home le. Good night!!
HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED  WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?
Dunno leh
ben taking.. can help me ask? tyty..
Dude i'v gt d c0urier n c0nfrmd d receipt.. Tx for tradng
Common... Where r u?
Haha.. Okie la... Restaurant has its fun I guess. I hope to have another tuition kid. Waiting for God to provide. Lol
K...k..
I ask others XD
Hai
Do I have any message other then from myself
Got haha. At taka nw. Hehe. I guai but i wil stil go out. Hehe.
Dad my medicine finish le, can help me buy?
Lolok i'm bringing
Br0.. Cn u go f0r thnkgeek.c0m?
Hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =D
I nid! The new one not as good
Hopefully they forget
Am in bus stop
Got attendance
Hey yena d.un alu kandi treat taramatiya d.sema status msg
okay with anyting...
Go home safely! Thanks (:
Wats market pts..
Yup... If ü all r going...
U go chop seats in e canteen b4 2 ok... Den i come out can eat oredi...
I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
Hahaha we eating at the pub.
dfdsf
Got into  <DECIMAL>  bus
Yeah there must always be people like him to make civilization seem a little more humane.
Fine, coming to nyt..
So later u going?
Ok...
I dont think can make it before  <#>
Ahaha god like. So what's bothering you then? Or can't say?
No d
But today ur gf birthday ... U free meh ?
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Ooooohhh
So how? U staying over at hall then going home in the morning?
Lol that's cause I'm following u. I got my bags packed in the trunk. Make room for me!
Hi all, we are meeting at 9 in pgp then. Do join if you can. Rameesplease confirm.
Hee. I lub lub u so much too!! Dear remember to eat ur enzyme pills k.
Idk. Bout  <#>  to  <#>
Cool! Hah confirm hot selling places. Better camp at your com then.
Mam its very nice
duwan .. u buy first. ur mama sick n hungry le.
Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
Ok whr ru
Hahaha oh no!!! Okay well I'm going to write music for a littlewhile, and I'll text you when I'm done!
Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
LOL slowly teach bah! XD
OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK.
Thanks. I guess it was ok on the whole?
Ayyo ayya big traffic here. Looks like i wont make it before  <#> . If ok, ill assist 2 groups allocated to me once i come there.
No let me do the math. Your not good at it.
Lols he is still beside me.
I haven Rly noticed lols. But they Rly look pro le! Like flying up liddat
I dun think I can. See 1st
Yeah lo but I called jeff last night then he told me he cannot make it.
2moro theres a weding mas at 5pm. Since v dont hv a practis2day v wl hv practis 2moro at 4pm b4 de weding mas.pls b present.pls coperate ur presence s valuable
Ding dong! reminder to yeiyei to drink water _为了botak j， 是值得的！ hee.
Yeah see bout it tmr. I love you too. No more crying.
Lol okay. I bring it over on  <#> rd eh.
Haha can always score full marks for the other half! True to yourname. Cheong out of the house sia!
LOL hahaha I do that sometimes xD photos once up are no longer private!!!
Just got ontrain
Thank you, president!  :D
Why dont want? You got things on eh.
When someone tells me,"You are not what I need.."I Say, "Of course not!! Bcoz I'm more thn wht u were looking for.."Have a gud day!!!
Hi Colin, sorry effort the late reply.   <#> th tuesday is difficultfor us.  Would you be able to make it on the  <#> th Wednesday? Wecould meet with you anytime during the day if you can come up to ourcurrent residence outside of Choa Chu Kang MRT, at The Warren.Thanks!
Chunyan are we gng to find seamstress after prac tonite?
I would like to become a bank employee.
Haha so random! My dad's car is smoking white fumes!
No
Full dum dum hee
Saying creationism is real is nuts, because we can reasonably price that it is
Ok can. Missed that in the previous sms. Can.
I think i get it, later after i done let u noe again
aren't you coming to Taj for today's party?
Reach le! Sorry I fell asleep!
I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
nan ting. Faye Wong kept laughing beside her.
<#> th to  <#> th march.
Hahaha.slowww.I m usually not on time.meaning I m usually early.lol.
Dont think so. Can reach on time I guess.
Hv u evr seen the symbol of pyramid wid one eye?
Havent still waitin as usual... Ü come back sch oredi?
Please
Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day ü send me da url cant work one...
Haha he damn bad to the class haha tell you about it later if wecall? Hahaha what did he say XD haha just finish bathing! Are yousleeping soon?
OHH NO!!!! Let's go exercise everyday like seriously! Omg haha veryconscious now! omg but alr eat alot less than last time le! Haha dunsian! jyjy!
Sent to u the word. Yup
1) A nuclear power plant in Fukumi, Japan exploded at  <TIME>  AM today. If it rains tomorrow or later, don't go outside. If you are outside, be sure that you have rain protectors. It's acid rain. Don't let it touch you. You may burn your skin, lose your hair or have cancer. Please pass, stay safe and remind everyone you know. 2) BBC FLASHNEWS: japan govt cnfirms radiation leak at fukushima nuclear plants. Asian countries should take necessary precautions. R* some text missing *
Nice:)
Uhh yeah i was etching last night
Haha but my mentor is never going to teach me, so change or no changeno diff! Some more the personal talk thing he never chose to talk tome before! What do you want to eat! I'm happy coz I got to eat shilintoday:D haha I thought you introduced yourself as that at first!Hahaha yeah I went with my family at the end of June hols!
haha... Ok thanks! Night!
Wat??
Dar reach home le hor?
I reach ad. At the food Court
No need lar i go engin? Cos my sis at arts today...
whatdaya mean?
F
usko khajoor main neend ki goli daal kar dain ge per daba kar uski lein ge
Wow they really can buy...
So boring, sending sms
Orh!(:
Did u receive my mms
If I die I want u to have all my stuffs.
We confirm tomw, let shuhui confirm if we meeting e rest 4 dinner first. So late u still haven sleep. Nitez.
I already told u to quit!
Got see doc? I tink u Rly food poison sia
Orh!! Sayang my boy. :)
Nen ranu
What happen dear tell me
Hmm. I see
Thanks dude
Ha. K l yew tee le
I meet u  <#>  then. I'll ask pk.
Nus u <#> l  <#>
Okay what if she's a female?
Okay your group name is supermassive and please wear gl.
So cheap thanx... U board da plane oredi?
Just finished <#> ,ending could have been a little sadder. Okay if everything goes smoothly then lets watch.
Asp lor...
Im okay.
Yes feeling abit better already. Trying to sleep more also:-)  howwas ur day? U ate ur medication already?
Okay. Noted.
Yup.
Implement circuit part
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
Where are you?
Haha..ok den...gd luck 4ür papers!
Nope.
WARNING:鈥㏕here has been lot of bad comments & jokes about actor vijay. Even his recent films like kuruvi,villu, Vettaikaran,sura got failure bcoz of these sms only.  So dont send any jokes about him or his films. The person who is sending such msgs will be
<#> %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  <#>  frnds in <#>  mins whn u read...
I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
Ohhhh okay.
Please tell dear
Wah why slap me now lol
Aee you happy?
As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Hmm who's not playing ice breaking?
Haha ic... ganbatte! Dunno leh scare won't sleep so early lol tooearly! Latest also 2am bah... not bad arh talk cok abit lol
Machan,do u hav our crm note soft copies.f u hav mail t to me.
ll tell u when we hav a bare
I unfriend u
:*:* laogong you got anything to bid?
Ahh sorry I just got your sms!  <#> !
Can one. Girls confirm slower
Don't forget ns notification, and make sure passport not expired.
;)!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I nid go do cip
Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
Thanks for the thoughtfulness andrew..:-)have a good day. Tc
Haha.. No need to buy la! Haiyooo..
Hmmm... I only got one lesson from 2 to 4... perhaps I'll go schoolearlier than  <#>  then.
I have no idea! Ohh so this was his backup plan!
Happy b'day girl! Hope you have a great day! God bless! :-D
hi how are you now
Post! Okay, cause I miss you to death!
Hey hey, that meeting tomorrow yet again changed to saturday. Timing 6pm marina mrt.. You can help me inform Mr X?
Wth nuuuuuu I want the answer for qn1 sia
Hi Ricky, turns out Wednesday I will likely not be available.Perhaps Tuesday evening after 7pm?  Will that work for you?  Sorry forthe inconvenience! -Min
Hey xin... Tmr confirm meetin at 6 izit...
He indon la... Ya i see where can i go..
As in still doing samc lo
Nice!!!!!!! (: (: money still have right!!!
Yeah like that it's enough. But must write it down in the proper way.
R we going with the  <#>  bus?
Waa Emo.. ask ryan?
Yes should be
They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
Maintenance was fixing the ac. Didn't hear my phone. Anything happen?
Pao u okay with the timing right? Its slightly earlier.
Going back at 615. Is it still raining? Bought the guava snack for you during lunch...
Bblp can see bblg in  <#>  min! Hee.
Ok! Hee. What time?
Think of u I smile dum dum. Now my dum dum smiling too. I love u fromthe bottom of dum dum.
Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
Nooooooo. At least come for the bbq at 3pm la. We buying him a paddletts $ <#> , but he paying $ <#>
I am teling sry na other than dat wen i askd for help
Morning my yei yei!! I think u meet up with Sammy le.. so, kiss u!!No need to reply dearie :*:*
The Lord watches over those who OBEY him and those who TRUST in his constant love. We put our hope in the Lord : he is our protector and our help. We are GLAD because of him. We trust in his holy name. May your constant love be with us, Lord, as we put our hope in you. Psalm <TIME> , <#>  Have a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST :-):-)
Lol no. Just trying to make your day a little more interesting
Home le dsr
ok i seeya later..
Mcheck
Den buy how many box... I juz pass by tis shop, dunno wat brand la... Here got mng too... Shld come here 4 hols, can stay in tis apartmnt...Haha..
Hmmm
Haha oops sorry. Too much free messages.
Don't be sad
Yeah, ask my bro explain though! Haha so cute!
Hahaha I found him! Omg watching huan zhu gege!
Huh... But still go back late... Nd to wake up early e next day... Weiyi they all can go rite...
Yup.
Wowimp
Srs*
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
Ahh I see. That's good :))
Why u Emo nvr tell me.
New year is the time to unfold new horizons & realize new dreams,to rediscover the strength & faith within u,to rejoice in simple pleasures & gear up 4 a new challenges.wishing u a bright,happy and prosperous new year  <#>  with god bless
Okay! Abbie will pass you!
Hey nxt Mon when celebration end
Lol I want sushi!
I realy wantd 2 speak wid u.....
KBCQ C
In d end u gt mt jos? Paiseh...
Orh..ok lor...tsk tsk... Luckily i haven ask e gals yet
Please bring the dongal in case of emgncy. Good night... God bless
Give no.
Haha nope they say check out by  <#>  Oct! Haha I'm prolly checkingout on thurs haha! Haha okay ((: I'm attending it now ~
What about this one then.
Lols my ticket no. Won nth!
Laxmi Ji Har Rat Chand Ban K Aaye , Din Ka Ujala Shaan Ban K Aaye , Kabhi Dur Na Ho Apke Chehre Se Hnsi , Ye Diwali Aisi Mehmaan Bn K Aye Happy Diwali fr0m- sunder das kriplani
Ok thks
I think it's alright. You send tt to see if he has any problems bah. :-D
I bought newspaper already
Alright! It's still alive?
Hey, what u need ar? Name, NRIC and mobile num?
I see xP
Kahan hai
Lols 1 small dog nia. But very scary siaz got  take vid
Cool! Will be there at  <#> ..
Ya lo. Train just left. 4 min. Kisss
U lookin 4 june huh... Came back muz pia drivin oredi... Cos miss 2 wks, later rusty...
Hahaha I didn't wanna eat! Just that got one left, if I don't eatthen will spoil! Hahaha go there someday buy soyabean okay! Haha yeahx.x sometimes walking that stuffy corridor before the lifts to myhouse also creepy! Chibi fans...?????? ._.
Can pon ar?
Haha never go before! Idm! Hahaha! You wanna go on your bday?? Hahaomg I wanna eat there!! Prawn noodles T.T haha how come reserve! nevergo training is it:P
Haha no no just going to get a plain one to draw for my dad! Hahahaobviously it's not me I dun say that!!!!! Haha the theme is retrobro!!!!
Yeah
Ok thanx. Look out for our booth during the sports bazaar at arts forum tomorrow and thurs for payment of the camp fee. Thanx. How do ü know my hp no?
Hi all, I will be late at least  <#>  mins.  AS6 air con also out oforder. Will call when I arrive. Sorry!
On my way to sch oredi la...
Sahara desert. S5 ep 1
Wish u n ur family a v blesed easter *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
K chellam
:)
What pa.
All day working day:)except saturday and sunday..
Just want to thank you and treat dumpling
call u later
On clementi train lo
i will pick up nn around 4 unless u can pick him up earlier.
See back
Okay! I'll go and study my script
HAHAHA omg so cute!!! Are you going to fix it???
I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
s place on sat...
huh bedok town
ve got a sports bazaar...
I'm Joel. Phone no money so nid u bring phone card from mom to me.Meet under hostel, I'll use this phone to call u nearing the time.
2moro I guess.. heck english la
hi good morning have a good day
Ethiyooo....sir...Kerala awaits the arrival of The Great delegate of World Human Resources Development.Pls welcome Mr.Rajeev Nair.Sir a Warm Welcome to You to the State of Gutters and holes.
Oh kk
I can wear both fine! I wore heels haha!
Happy friendship day
<#>   <#>
Sry dear. I untied dat band. I wishd u 2 untie it as it z tied by urslf wid a prayr infrnt of infnt jesus. Bt thn i remembrd dat it can only caus harm 2 ur lif lik hw i cam in btwn u n sunil. Othrwis wotz der in a band n al. I knw stil u r cnsidrng me as an obstacle in ur lif. Nw ur way z almst clear. Im prayng 4 ur succes in lif. Also prayng 4 an answr wich u r expctng 2 hear frm sunil's mouth. Im always der wid u d way u lik. Sry 4 drinkng 2da. Gud nit.
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU & I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people & u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
yupz went out for lunch wif my family.. tok to u later!
Today 3 got 05 briefing..tink its at lvl 8 lab
Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
Yes.. effing noobs
I reached already
The new deus ex game comin early next yr
Best of luck for your first mid term test in nus tml! Haha.
Free now. we go to eat ?
No =( =( =( =( =( =(
hi, can i meet you at dhoby ghaut mrt at 4.15pm to pass you the stuff?
Reach where?
Bet R3-13 Law n Order 21/11 w carry 60ib won 1.12.0 . likely TM wet n drop wt 4ib to 56. run longer 200 is better. good seed. yong p prize 140k. cup potential.
Haha anything lah wear inside one also nobody see de... haha expectedleh... gong cha conform shorter go get gong cha lo lol
I'm sorry, if I see someone get on the bus I will tell you
Haha.. Hey..
I having speech day
result display board per laga ha?
5 lo. Go where pool
<#>  days per month, even during your period..,
Not bad. The thing quite fun. Tasted all the flavours. Haha. U wan acopy of the recipe?
Uncl stil wid me. Nt alowng 2 study..
Every night?! Literally hardcore siaz! Ya u right, non 1 star onlydat  <DECIMAL>  to 1pm. V short niaz
I heard its tues omg!
Eh keep  <#> rd free got shaohao day.
Pirela up and running
Hey, paiseh. Think got to wait until after tut then eat le. Haha.
Paiseh...going to be late....is anyone else in dl now?...
Ohh>< hmm I dun reallyknow how to help you leh:/ I paid lots ofattention last time when I attended coz when my pastor teach sherelate it alot to real life situations so I found it useful haha, Inot too sure if you can find sth interesting to keep you awake? Why doyou get distracted anyway? What do you think of! Haha she's notChristian is it? I'm not really there either what:x
apply voicemail leh en I can voicemail u 2 like last timewhen we used pagers? Go apply la. Anyway I sorta know wat 2 give u 4 ur birthday liao?
Quack quack
Aight one sec
Oh no I haven't finish my scvs! Please wait for me awhile okay ><
Okay.
Online check. Wads ur bib no
K
Ok no prob. I'm in a car to home so i can't speak to you now. Later wai. Lol
I tot i gotta kayak cus not enough guys kayak
Tomorrow?!
Yes. Agree. Thanks for pointing that out. If not, tml I can redraw for u too.
Hi! i am going for shopping coming then meet me at bandra
Nothing urgent. Cal leisurely. May God bles u.
How to go from amk? Got any bus? 74,165,25,132 got go?
Hahaha okay!!
will you come tomorrow?
Yes, thanks! See you later!
Hi rebecca, next week tue is chinese new year eve. Do you want toshift next week tuition to some other date?
Hahaha okay okay! LOL VERY GOODS HAHAHA I THOUGHT YOU VERY FAST!
m at yck, near amk... So gd get half day off...
Hahas anw hope ya like it. I go slp le
Alright, whatever works... thank you so so much
Sobss . OK. See u later. Loss kiss! Today I wear red. Haha
Fair warning, I'm still pretty terrible =P
nai wo dosri per ha...mail karta ho
For what?
Ke yi!
No dear I didn't had food, watching TV .. :)
Ohh alrights!! Good good (: (: listening to music omg! So long neverlisten to my kono yubi tomare!
Woah.... How come ü still watching tv now?
Bhulne wale Hume bhul Jaate Hai.Dil se unke Hum nikal Jaate Hai.Jab tak Hoti Nahi zarurat Humari Logo ko.Hum kaha kisi ko yaad aate Hai.
Then when is physics test
The unbeatable msz: wat is longr than wifes luv?wats luvly than sister's fight?which pillow is beter than a luvr's lap?wats warmer than dad's hug?wats swtr than a baby's kis?wats tastier than mom's cooking?wats stronger than a frnds shoulder? Ans:nothing! these al hav no substitutes. nvrmis itgd nit.....
Eh...Can...No prob...Hehe =)
Leave me alone I think.
I Emo den come here chill alone! Lols u wan go clementi gym ar
Slept?
can you lend 50 dollars to me first
oo. want anything frm lot one?
Lol ok.fone abit low batt.meet u at canteen there ba.
Its fine!
Nai
Lols  <#>  yr old I go slp le
Cal
scandisk kar lo..jab windows start ho to start main run per ja kar cmd type karo phir chkdsk c: /R type kar do uske baad y type karke enter karna aur restart kar lena
Wat are you doing now? Asleep yet?
Lol I need some snacks. Any suggestions?
Happy new year. May all your wishes come true this year and stay happy always yah
t you search out the Dhamma books for the answer? Can I write you in email?
nvm
Yay! Haha dun try only ah, must be! Haha did you forget I have phys test too?
Nhi
Uh okay yup I am
Hahaha v.slow
Can i pass the things for IS consulting to u on fri?
Yes yes all correct! Let's get it!
Not yet downloaded maga
U can leave...
dear, do u know what is lviii? translate to number?
Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
Hey. You got any mail?
K
wanna go for supper now?
So  <#> pm i go can hor?
parallel computing and KB
Asp out airum.
busy with something else at home now thru with it.
Hey gimme a call when you get a chance.
Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
Opps paiseh please ignore my message about lesson time, message wrongly. Hehe
Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
Persevere my friend, everything will be over soon so life can bebetter. Rest well and good night! :)
Aiya! Poke u
:o lol still need to report to her ah? Hahahaha
Cant go at all? Asked already? Petir is at cck.
Wat time u finish w ziping? Lets hv supper tonight n talk. U can?
So robin.
Are u going to show your OTP function tml? I saw what u stated inivle, i'm quite confuse with wat is your plan tml. We agreed upon thatwe won't be showing the admin features during e 2nd sys release right?So integration wise, wat m i suppose to do? Right now, i don't knowhow your OTP is going to work, wat does OTP gonna do with admin?
Hahaha but i'm not very close to either of them!
Macha tennis  <#> . I get dinner and come
kimi no sei desu!!
Yeiyei awake? Just nw I bathing. Oopsie
Rofl!
Apparently help us in passing hahaha i'm going to see if I can take one!
U mean maxwell huh... Tt one i noe... But e smith street one oso close meh?
What elevator? I'm waiting by baggage claim
Oh man I just woke up. How long are you all gonna be eating?
Ddrrrrr......kadoravali
wat time u leavin? pick me at 9?
Wts...
Yes. Eating at home. Now on the way back le.
Hi Andreu! How's the program? Whats ur group's place?
Hey I am at a meeting.. Will call you as soon as it finish.. Few min more..
Lols okay nvm
Hey when math journal due
s match liao. Haha! Alright c u on sun! Long time Nv c u liao.
Haha okay! You finish le text me bah.
Ok
I had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. My rent is due and i dont have enough for it. My reserves are completely gone. Its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. The balance is  <#> . Is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back.
What u there for?
I saw le! Idm but need contact by today!
Yup you hungry? My auntie gave me bread...
今天你要嫁给刘了
Hi Andreu, where r u now?
yes baby! I need to stretch open your pussy!
Haha im at somerset with jm now. Cally joining us later. Come downafter school bah :-D
Okay will update you. Bukitpanjangplaza lor.
Awesome :-)
Okie lor... If i cant get any frens den i wont go liao...
Oic lol chi lam too handsome liao forget me lo lolz.... i Guo sleep le nite!
Bye bye! See you later? Are you going by yourself? Want me to go sametime as you?
Haha go read your email. Tt approve the proposal le.
Oh OK sure :-)
Lol I still on bus <#> .
I did not collect it. I tink my senior helped me to
Hav u watchd all 6 ?
NS2 TO  <#>  MB ka ha lekin usko windows main use karne ke liye CYGWIN install karna pare ga jo  <#> mb ka ha
Havent yet. Think ard 8 plus n eat until 10 plus lah. Is it convenient if i come ard 10plus?
m ready...
5 mins downstairs
Nope we went to suntec le.
Ph0ne kar bhai
I outside lib
ve got my support :)
Hi JOY me 25 male chi hw abt u?
i dunno but i just switch on my tv n saw him...god knows how he got on there...haha
LOL VERY GOOD!!!
Sun.. zzz
s nt goin cos she nvr go 4 any camps one... Hey tmr meet at 130 at e busstop near my hse k.U noe how to go rite...
Hmmm... Thk i usually book on wkends... Depends la...
S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
Thanks for the number
I jus managed to get hold of my charger.. phone died on me for e past one n a half day.. But i dun wan to cut until very short wan noe..?
I'll be there at  <#>
Bhai wo 5 dvd ka pck  <#>  ka he m0serbear ka..  <#>  mrp he
Yeah come over now eh. :-D
hmm .. maybe ..
Tmr me and xin nd to go sch for qet... Unless go out in late afternoon...
Hmm okay I reach home le tell you.
Ps wrong chat. I signed up so I need to go rite
I want  <#>  rs da:)do you have it?
Not posible for me.
IT WAS YX AND CHARLES LOL SORRY HAHA CHINESE JUST ENDED.
What doing?
Take care of your health
Okay. We'll meet at  <#> am then.
Eh the guards diff le. U wan cone hostel gym?
LOL! where do you wanna go!!:D
Yes.
I will be late. Please inform thr rest.
s bdae..
Want me to come by?
wat time u finish ur tuition?
Erm I dun mind my house or ws mac lol... cos I will be going pasirris after meeting... u decide bah then help me inform the rest can? Iin movie lol
Oh come on. I'm already out jeez. You eaten?
hotmail.com
Hey are you all free to meet on sunday afternoon or mon night...am leaving next week. Elaine
O.o... automated labs?
Hello dear, had lunch? Think i am working late also. Just want you to know i am missing you. ?
Mr Tan, did you recieve the email regarding the SAFMC presentatin schedule? Apparently the teacher i/c is supposed to forward it to Mr Chan for official excuse from lessons; is it possible to do it asap? Thanks!
No
Of course. I know u  <#>  confirm cannot. We.g eat mucg first k hee
A baseball guy going round globe learning all kinda sports. This epis wrestling
Bored!!!
Ok la,still hanging on... Mugging 4 tests lor...Wat abt u...
Et not counted.but the exemptions are.
Haha fighting mah. Im looking forward to chrome's battle.
Ok. I only hav the solutions wif me. The test paper mus download fr ivle. :p
Noted.
See how lah, maybe she come back herself cos quite near.
Thanks.
Haha it's alright just finished my presentation! The quiz was fine:PI only studied half an hour before it hahaha! It's okay tired mustsleep:P
What?
I am standing up
Hi Ricky, can you send the name of the blinds store again?  Is it theJ and S on IMM 2nd fl?
Yes
Haha if you fun over mcp then I will let you take care okay:P hahagood night^^
Lol pui.haha eh so late liao I lazy go out of house.lol.
U mentioned that if u go poly, u wanna do that what. Furthermore,your bro is there. Haha. Okay lah. My cousin also doing that in NP.U'll be her junior. Haha.
When will you return?
No no, frog!
BEGIN:VCARD
VERSION: <DECIMAL> 
N:;Om.Jayachandran;;;
TEL;CELL: <#> 
BDAY:- <#> 
X-ANNIVERSARY:- <#> 
PHOTO;TYPE=JPEG;ENCODING=BASE <#> :

X-CLASS:private
END:VCARD
Haha dunno leh! Maybe later on imba? Haha why poor thing! It's anhonour to go out with me:D
I hate u
Sim lim square, shop around , maybe u chk out IT mart @ #03, in front of bullet lift, look 4 jack,
Dont go kfc. Not suitable. See b'pity flats.
Paper was quite okay
Lololol i meant  <#> pm on monday XD
=D
Really? U walking back from serangoon sta?
Lol aiyah. Okay lo. Lol go watch hk drama (y)
Yeah. It's probably just all the free time combined with cramps andthe missing me. I miss you too. These moods aren't any fun to be in:(
Only one place has it, and its holland v. U have problems gettingback, or getting there?
Ok lor... Sony ericsson salesman... I ask shuhui then she say quite gd 2 use so i considering...
Haha yea my parents like to go holiday for 2 weeks de, once theystarted it, cannot shorten de haha, only exception is Korea but that'scoz of tour package haha! Yeah ganbarimasu! I lost all my apps so Ican't type jap! Oops! Hehe ok next time take photo for you! What didyou learn about me today! Hello!
Where are you at now?
Lol sure sure
Oh... Haha... I din watch twins effect... Watched T 3... So we can watch nxt wk...
Do u need d cooker now or shall I give 2moro?
Oh we share the book?
Den a lot time la. So late le go sleep ba!
Ehh I borrow your Adidas sneakers too ah?
Caw caw. Well we can name then if you want xP
Kk
66912166 try this number.
Just finished my work. very tired. what are you doing? have study? miss me? I miss you much much leh. cal you later
Wat time? Morning can?
I waiting for bus. 1 stop nia. U wait at e platform. Call u when i reached.
where my yeiyei? icoming towards sr1
Haha tmr ah? I need to rearrange a time with her eh.
Thursday, 2: <#>  or  <#> pm better for us.  Ok with you?  My wifeAlicia will be at home.
Basn dhute gechlam.bolo,ph krechlo
Cheap right! Reebok one!:D
Yay okay!!! LOL CAN ASK HIM SEND ME THE DETAILS NOW I PUT MASCOT FORHIM HAHAHA!
tu bhi kar yar warna thak jae ga
s the way its gota b ALRITE
Oh one more player?
Eh nutella cheesecake or oreo nicer ah.
Haha.. oo.. then hw u going later
Thats nice
OK, I ll come..
Yup
Oh okay!
Ah kiat 2 for $200.
Wat time u all going over ah.maybe can meet first.
The datemyschool or whatever thing
Ok Andreu. Wishing u a hapy n safe journey. May God bles u. Shal v send auto or can u find one. Keep us informed on ur way.
I just went to the cafeteria!
Hi,any1 here?please talk.
Havent ask yet... Cos havent decided which package to take...
Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
I fri til four thirty lei. Hai. Nvm.
Wah u still rmb. Haha. I forgot already. Nvm u claim from me on wed.3 of us so zai, of coz can lah. Okay okay. U just keep me informed canle. Thanks.
Yeah! :)
Oh  <EMAIL>
Haha no lah I ate egg ramen! Haha dun want I rather skip lunch:/
Hey mom! Wow I can't believe I didn't see this.... thank you!!
Everyone says that robb's wife attending the rw is proof she doesnthave his heir, but the blackfish wasnt with them at the rw and he HASto get back to riverrun right?  What if this is PROVING the robb hasan heir theory and the blackfish escapes with her?!
Emo loo dao me...
I can try to do tt, but will take longer than 6pm.
Haha scan now! Photocopy actl haha I forgot also:P haha oh no sleepsome more?? I'm having chem hons now!
No le print is nt so gud watch..
Oooo. Aiyo. Icic. Any idea roughly how much ah? Is it buy one time can le? No need to pay for every year!
Ü all going for coffee or anything aft dinner...
merry christmas!
Okay thanks. Hurberg and I are heading over there now.
Not now, but around 6 plus can
Okay
EY! CALM DOWN ON THE ACUSATIONS.. I TXT U COS I WANA KNOW WOT U R DOIN AT THE W/END... HAVENT CN U IN AGES.. RING ME IF UR UP 4 NETHING SAT. LOVE J.
Not a problem. I will get Vincent to meet you if possible.
Haha! I'm still at the main road!
Okay (: haha yeah I just reached! Leaving le though! Later I willreply you alot less psps!
Haha yeah v random! Chocolate! Take  <#>  from the bus stop at bedoktowards tampines, 6 stops opposite the Clearwater condo, cross theroad to the condo side, cross again to the condo opposite it then goin! Block  <#>  # <#> !
And da shoes.
Ok u when come take
Yes.. One day I will ask Nadee to take you there.. :)
Dear email is down. Sms me ok?
If u dun think its too far for u, can lor. Ang Mo Kio ok for u?
Just my yo heart
Haha.. Cool! :) go learn more things la..
okie thanx ...
Okay Mr lee
If u going wif me den i wait for u.
Are you planning to come chennai?
When are you guys going?
Hello around wat time u will be sending the slides?
Aiyo... Not a lot of pple lor, a few only... Always until my no den stop, wait wait wait. They so slow... Later 2 eat jap food....
Get ready to fail lo. Tsk tsk
Okay:D
hey francis, this heard u got some sms lobang,. jsut sms got money laio is it ?
Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
Can you do the Channing?
Nop Monday then go back
be with our family
Yes    !! D: I went to donate blood today but fall!!
Okay tell me the time again eh. I go home sleep first.
Lol they found too fast. All 3 groups found 3 eggs.
Sorry
Yeiyei! Sayang u some more! Drink water k! N dun slp too late! Muggs
Next week i think.
Dar. I reached home le. Walk safely k? U so sayang me today. Hee. Rest ur eyes
Ek bus mein ladko & ladkiyo ki team antakshari khelne k liye bani... Girls : Hum tumko haraakar dikhayenge... Boys : Hum haar gaye, chalo ab dikhao..
Rofl a bit eh. I not enough sleep.
Am I your mentor
Oh icic. Weitieng wants to take later bus but karyee Cheryl andSophie don't, but they don't dare say haha later Weitieng angry.
Oh ya wt hair short rite. Take vid!
Ya ya
Zip  <#>
Wat style??
Joey: Yup,where u fr?
where u wanna meet me ? we meet in sch ok ?
You wanna go for a run?
i think you are fine
Hey, i slept ytd. Have already check with shuling what is requiredfor thurs. I'll do my part tomorrow.
Haha you want cake mah. I give you la lol.
why u ask so much ?
Hi, in case u all din go Facebook one I have create an event on fbfor this coming sat so please go update it! Cheers!
No have lor. It has some problems that's why I stopped using it. Wanna get it repaired then I can change for convenience sake.
Any work?
Who r al ther?
Hokay. Later walk from main gate eh. Im inside le.
Nub!
MONA STALKING YOU????
Where are you now?
The prob is the logo not the template. Haha.
Wth like my chem. Chem I nvr do  <#>  marks. U nvr study ar
Haha I dun know! Forgot le, probably heard from my friends! They saidwe have more modules coz no more internship break!
Hi rice where are you now? I'm still at home >.< will take about  <#> ~ <#>  mins to get anywhere
O. Thats gay
YEAP!!!!!!! Lol sad HAHA. Are you okay now!
Erm... wat type of qualifications one you wan?
I saw ur fren michelle at sakae sushi...
Haha. We got a game start at  <#> . You can come and scare the participants.
Yup I will let him do it
Hmm for now yes, but normally my sat  <#> am is free except for this week.
Probably take mrt to bedok
Cellini said can deliver on  <#> th from  <#> .  I said ok, since atleast not  <#> th.  Is that ok?  Or should I call back rearrange for<#> st?
s up...
Orh haha I also forget leh decision maybe lol I sign up too manyuntil forgot... cos I apply in between my 1 hour break very rush!Lol... but every Tue then hao liao lol... wa fast food Nomnomnom
Hmmm... Shld b lor... I go bk check newspaper...
Thrs a symbol of an all seeing eye 枚n her shoulder in poker face. . Wch is clearly visibl whn she cums out of pool. Nxt tym see it on tv
you ok?
Jog there?
Dat is a problem k..i need program for dat problem
oh ya, just in case u didn't transfer, hui ling here.
All IS modules..  <#> ,  <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> .. (legal aspects, ITand customer relations, biz intelligence, technology strategy andmanagement, strategis IS planning)..u?
Crazy. Will expel de le
Got eh. Until  <#>  only mah XD
A FLOWER NEVR KNOWS HOW BEAUTIFUL IT IS. A SEA NEVR KNOS HOW DEEP IT IS. U NEVR KNOW HOW VALUABLE U R TWO ME. I WILL ALWAYS TREASURE U IN MY HEART FOR EVER.
Yo.. ur gf likes flowers rite? U can try go far east floral.. thereis wholesale. Very cheap. But u need to wrap nicely and trim urself.Haha
Hahaha omg! Lucky you didn't punch! Hahaha i'm not!! ): hahaha i'mwatching a movie! Its called xiong di!
Yes exactly.
Haha... Rich ma... Lol
Lol your crazy
Just going to the practice room to prepare for skills :) you?
So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on.
Coro zzz ok we'll pass by when we go over
Yes yes:-.
Nope not in PGP
Ok. Thnx. :-)
Ya they all 3 have exams on Mon
Plese check your e mail
like 15 lor really!
Dar dar!! Got eat ur bread ma?
Kk.
2moro I guess.. heck english la
what r u doing?
Okay la jus wet Lo. I no coin...
Hiya... Y lk tt... Den i wan justea...
i like to help do tis kinda thing... hehe...
I havent lei.. Next mon can?
Fighting fish easy to rear wut.
Helen hi where frm? Intro pls
Haha okay! Thanks @lot!
Haiz... Sometimes borin, sometimes bz...Gee, u leh... Which course u chose ah? I put sci nus as my first choice...
Money passed already. btw, you got money or not? heard someone got leh
Ya that's what I was indicating in the email.
Hey Shweta told me you knew of this printer place near al ameen.Could you tell me where exactly it is?
Yeeeahhh
Okay.
are you free this sunday to come to my church?
Hey I just got your message, I got to take a shower and got some things to do I will call you later.
Did you call into your old crib to make sure they picked up the package?
Jeez that's annoying.. why do they even have that?
Ya la...
Haha quite cool lah, we play cards at night one! Haha I'm closer tomy mum side de, got  <#>  of us but my bro and I are the youngest 2haha :P no la haha I'm not buff! Carry a bit only! Heehee but stuffyvery hot de leh! Omg you troll!!!!!!!!!! Give you a big slap ah!
Ok!
Hmmm have to talk crap liao. Maybe can talk abt live firiing range as well.
Haha can la. Enough.
:)) can ask roy too?
They finally came to fix the ceiling.
chalo good luk
Aiyo i become bad guy. Haha. Okay! Can.
I love you so so much.. I'm the worst =(
Not sure. U rushing off meh
U free now? U r invited to jasmine house for a blackjack session lol
Yup. Astro =(
Did you do the iler thing yet :-/
Good night.
Hahhahaahaaahaaa. Poke u!!!!
Not sure. Mayb late. Go c doctor 1st
I am back home...come anytime
Hahaha aw
where are u now, I miss you.
B-):-):-P...my"wishing you.a sweet and.joy ful verry:-)B-):-Dverry. happy new year." from:.jeevan.
K, right now?
She say zhu feng prolly gave her wrong contact haha
Almost
Ya, I already change some of them, havent upload only, tonight can?
U F OR M
IF YOU'RE STILL UP THERE CAB I HAVE MY SMILEY BOOK
U no it
1pm.
Yes! You want me to bring it up? wwwww
Oh crap did I wake u up lol. U take care and get well soon man!
Okie..
Gdmrn machan,r u free dsdys?hv 2 finsh d prjct,il cl u,tc bs
Ok na.
Haha feel free,  <#>  indeed
You are a big chic. Common. Declare
Ok i checked requirements trying to write now hurr
well i'm busy right now ..so see you back later in the theatre:-D
Lunch
Haha i watch channel ai and lp channel
Wah u changed number isit? I cant make it this coming sat leh, got acousin's wedding to attend.
Yes finish everything! Hee.
<#>  yrs aayiduchu aana oru ponnu kuda namaku madangala!! Idu routine..!  <#>  yrs ayiduchu ana oru ponnala kuda namala madaka mudiyala,idu variety! Think +ve machi
Lol wtf nice
any swimwear?One set to wear to sleep after bbq ñ one for é next morning rite?
Nite nite. Dun think so much. Blog soon. Gaha
Haha no la I woke up at 1 like that?:P took my mum forever to wake meup XD haha bought le, late reply coz I didn't bring my phone down :Phaha good good! I suppose you are dead to the world right now :P
Thks!
Same to ya. Mery Christmas!
There?
Chemistry!!!!!!! Haha icic haha so cheem. Never heard of them! Hahauhh in  <#>  mins, but I have to take make up test for chinese haha
Reaching school.
Ya 1 free for 4
ll just wait there...
Oh come down then :-)
That's understandable, just hang in there... why Florida?
Kk .. :) dm got say anything?
Haha don't want! so odd lah your sis saw me two days in a row le!Haha yeap okay! (: I'll do chem mindmap! Hahaha what like that alsocan! wow so shiok! Haha hope I won't fall sick also >< haha omg Ifinished lunch in 5mins!
the url for the game is at www.materiamagica.com
Titties msged me
K lets do it
Haha ending soon! Lol ok then dun let u nan zuo lol... wait he bringout knife I die T.T...
Cannot.free is king.considering if I shd take cab lol.nb leave house early oso no bus.
Ok...np...thanx a lot..
I'm sorry, I just saw on Facebook that see has to actually stay atthe hospital =/ I feel really really bad, I'm sorry. Really reallysoon we'll go and then we'll hang our and make brownies and stuff
u know what i love about food especially chocolates and icecreams is its good taste
Hahaha yup. So excited for it.
I see?
Study stupid
Go hatch the eggs!
Haha how does going twice make you worry! Reverse leh! Hahaha ohhicic, go jio ppl ask him do! Hahaha you know I haven't even reach thatHAHA. Skip it!
No..he joined today itself.
By car?
Yup. I dont know how 2 explain.... Need something in e server 2 compile e jsp, think unix dont hv. Else u can try. U create a folder in ur unix then upload ur file inside. Then u go 2 t webpage 2 c if u can view it. www.comp.nus.edu.sg/~howyijue/folder name/file.jsp
Negro.. African blackies. Yeah not gonna get any better.
Lol i dont want to remember! Haha! Its best un forget that disgusting thing
Vidhut
Hey love
Murmure lete ana
Yup  <#>  failed.
nothing juz wondering only
No I dont think so..
Wat
I tel..
Rush in temple ah?
Ajmer n tu
Its as usual :-)i got job:-)
Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
Tmr what time?
Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
hello
Just topped up  <#>
play frozen throne online?
s 4 ur trip one wat...
ll reach ard 915 at nite... Flight is qf 387... Muz thank me ah, bought a lot of stuff 4 u ...
San dian ban
Sorry to bother u so late, did u wrote about the integrity attack foressay 2??
Great. Will send it to you in a couple of days. Feel free to bug meif I don't.
Baby dlete to kar diya tne har jagah se phr numbr kyu de raha he
Ohh my the consultation fee is damn ex! Like  <#>  bucks haha! Haha Ialso abit sian when my mum do that, so I understand my dad's feelings,so I just left him to it haha:P haha yeah correct!!! XD haha just wentle, plus cut hair! Omg it got even shorter now but I think its nice!(:
Okay. They replied me le. So can loh.
Played xenon tutorials. Shit is awesome
Haha abbie and th love the toy story shoes!!!
Oh...i asked for fun. Haha...take care. ü
Ryan dear, chibi is tired le, so she's going to sleep now! Goodnight,sweet dreams and go home safe! (: (: hugs!
No fren to pei?
Hey did you get into the sailing comm ? I didnt get in...
S :)
Nothing pa:-).
LOL where you want to stalk him at. You got his scheule eh. Haha
My son Listen 2 me my words. Never let them get away from u. Remember them & keep them in ur heart. They will give life & health 2 any1 who understands them. Prov. 4: <#>
I said I am okay with the ikea idea.
Where r u now?
No reply.. Datz y...
Happy new year to you! Wishing u peace n happiness always :) .. Olivia.
<DECIMAL>
Ind  <#>  for 2:)sac  <#> ,gam  <#> :-):)
Wed slot too. Sorry for the late reply.
2moro wat time going?
Do u have enough cash?
Kapda sb hatha lo.
Call me da.
Thanks... have fun man
Ü dun come down so early i might b a little late...
How is it?
Pleas give me
Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
Ok. Oh ur interview is in sch issit
Jeez, level  <#>  already
Not sure le. Mayb u can ask Mr lee wee yan
Haha did you had a fight with joseph lol
Lol orh ok.
Got ah green line alight at city hall near to raffle city mah butcircle line alight at suntec straight lol
Oh shit! i also playing! Zzz I 2moro go borrow le
Why de.
Ok aiya. Just a jock. Dnt gt angy. Gd nyt. Gd blz u. Tk cr. Bye. Bye.
Not u stay? Who stay? Date ok
Haha nope le. Thanks alot.
t rem.
Yeah ttz what i wrote. :-P
Hahaha xD btw, tried to get to Zakum yesterday... noooo way
Did u get my msg Tazz?
I dropped bio not physics so shld be easier rite. I was tinking oftaking an easy arp jus for transcript and focus on my math honor custts my interest. But mayb arp isn't tt impt. How do u tink u fare tisyear, disregarding eng
Okok..  <#>  :-)  thks
Best lyns ever : 'Live wel' It is the greatst revenge for those who avoided and hurtd u......! Good mB-)
Eeerrr. Haha. I'm so disappointed with him to be honest. He went for2 hrs plus and late in the morning, being a super good IO, i ask himto put 1 n half hr break time, instead of being appreciative, he stillgot cheek to tell me his break is 1 hr. Worst thing is he liedsomemore. Haha. Wah i think tonight can't slp liao sia, i damn emo.Haha.
Yeah, me neither. It's such an awful thought
Where are we meeting?
Hmm.. I've no idea! Haha. How?
Wat the... I too early
Hey u going for this saturday's mj steamboat??
so we will have to put a deposit on the house, to secure if...if those r the dates you want
Thurs seems to be better. Around 5? Can?
How you feeling?
I will show u my punctuality. Let the right time to come.
what you want ?
Yea. Reading manga Lo. U wan gym den eat not? Hostel food sux
:*:* I just bathe out. Hee. Love love you!! Faster come.
where and exactly when huh? I maybe can come only later.
??!
Wishing you a wonderful week.
s hp la...Den u come faster ah...
Is tml meeting ok for u?
Mmhm =)
Coming wru
Hey 2moro free? Machamp jio kallang gym
Laogong laogong where are u?? Rem to eat ur dinner hor! Muacks
Hehe :) you so free now?
now my heart is troubled-and what shall i say? Shall i say, Father, do not let this hour come upon me? But that is why i came-so that i might go through this hour of suffering. Father bring glory to your name ! John  <#> : <#>  Have a blessed day ! :-)
Ya can. I end at biz lt <#>
TISSCO its the TAYSEER group,a  <#>  year old company with  <#>  group companies.TISSCO is headed by a malayali as its GM and i need to report into dpty GM who is also a malayali.
No! Hahaha oh just hang over hips de la hahaha!
... Actually I wanna swim le. U wan slp over my hse tonight?
Thank you! Best wishes to you as well!
Ok!
Lol I don't know man... bugis area or sth?
Cls
Hahaha I see. Most probably can de haha
Yes can. So i'll see u on fri.
Lol can I join?
Eh he ok with it or not huh? I like gooseberry. Haha. He go back le.
Thanks son!!!!!! (: (: (: (: (:
LOL I'M GOING FOR CLUSTER OUTING TOO BAD
Hey whens the earliest you can transfer $ <#>  to me?
No. Class till  <#> . Brought diary :-)
Yep sure. Tmr then.
Coz i'm amazing!!:D
Where got all? Only the previous one.. The one before that was 3.. Haha :)
Im.lady
Yes
mobile ki sim wali assignment deni ha? ya sir ne josh main keh diya ths
Haha kallang. Why eh?
Later see how lah. I go change now, call u before i leave.
Hey may and joyce, just a reminder to send me the notes by mon nightya. I intend to have them printed out on tues morning. Is  <#>  goodenough?
Rly?!?
If we go buy tickets too late sure get bad seats one. When can you be at jp? I need some time to bath before I can go out.
Dunno lei... I might b eatin wif my frens... If ü wan to eat then i wait 4 ü lar
Hmm
Yup yupz... Count me in... R we gettin anythin 4 jojo?
Hey wad hmwk do we have
Hi, you messaged me twice, but I'm not sure who you are.  Can youcheck whether you sent to the correct person? Thanks.
What to talk to you..
Lols go up and find?
hi sis
Will you go to picnic? we're going. let me know.
Safra la
Mai apne ek frnd k sth hu. Ho sake to jaldi aye.
真的很抱歉. I didnt know the opposite party knows, and I clicked daniel ma.
XP
darling i waiting for  <#>  now.. muggggs.coming coming!!
Where r u!
U kiln dex?
Xiaoting waiting there already.
Haha what time nia lol
wassup brother
ok .. wat time u wan to meet ?
Haha nowhere in particular leh! Hmm maybe can go get stamp! Wcp? :D or ecp?
U can share w me e water... Hmmm, no nd la, actually wana eat somethin bt beta nt la... Gee, cya...
Haha ok later remind me I show you! Oh I just received this ._. Wherewere you!! I was escaping from my cca ppl :P
My dear, thanks 4 yr care. ? hope u can sleep well tonight! ?
Orh. I know le. Dunwan anymore next time. I also scared.
thank you
Lol I completely forgot about it til yesterday when we went. It was my first job. I should have kept it til I was old enough to drink :/
It was so scary! Our doors slammed shut and stuff too.. btw, sorryI've been MIA, I didn't have a comp so all my free time was usingschool ones =(
Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
Ohh no haha the bottles were all empty.
Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
working lah...tink me on holiday like u ah.wanna mit me 4 dinner 2nite?
U call now orelse i 'l msg to everyone
Hahas its jus a movie. Plus Idk why he even wanna volunteer. Think Iwill watch on Sunday ba
Lol what's that haha
U going online later? I msg until a bit suan.
Ur talkin too much..wats ur problem nw..wats wrong if i ask ma school frnds.u tel me dat first
You sure okay? You wanna leave aft the movie or join us for dinner?
U've ST's contact num right? U liase with her the details directlyhor? Place to meet, time etc. Btw, the laundry one cmi lah. Haha. He'squite reluctant to improve his processes with IS.
Hii rishu wats going on
On bus. Changi general hospital. Reaching
Yaaaa so dont tell me it's a star party rawr
Haha yeah super pro! Hahaha kinda!!! Couldn't get into the concertmode haha keep talking :P hahaha was the backstage like supercrowded???
kidhar ha lulle
Cheebye
Why would I have her home phone number?? You want me to ask Shweta?That ll seem odd.
K ty
But I can go visit you if possible.
Ahhhhh cui.lol i at tanjong pagar.wahaha.seems like I m late.maybe found the place jiu lect end.maybe I try next wk.lol.
Ok no prob
Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
Nope lol... we need to secure an interview first lol... haha ya logirl shld sleep unhealthy dun be like me liddat lol... today stilloverslept and take cab lo sob sob sob... so good arh wanna buy wif melol... u have a lot of time to decide~ I haven even reach clementi
Cos i was thinking if u come look for me den like no where to go ard my area leh.
Hhaha who said cjm?
Lol.noooo of cos not <#> .lol dots.2 leh.but still far.take bus till there I think first lect oso nv last so long ah.
Yes i have. So that's why u texted. Pshew...missing you so much
Because we're busy people. And there is something on saturday evening. And my chances of rejection would have been so much lower if i knew of it yesterday
Haha. It has already brightened your day, no?
U r a sin
Lol.the first dunno hu sia.nv see b4 eh.first got <#> and 6 better bags.which I think is still cui.2nd <#> and 6 even more cui bag.then u all 3rd lor.got mouse and <#> I think.
Yup. At e taka mango so many ppl. But i didnt bring e game.
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Haha ok sorry><
Hey got ovaltine! Lol but under milk tea.
chal phir asa kar kitab dekhane keliye khol le
4 pm can?:D
practis at 7pm 2day. Since v cant hv practis wn novena s going on pls come.pls ask ur famly2b there4 novena on saturday on time2 take candle
yup.. outside some is lab
'Happy new year'
Nvm got junior on same bus
Ok I try to find.
Haha. Good. We can all fang xin liao. Scarly scrum sim got B- forcapstone leh. Haha.
Lol okay lo. Dont regret eh haha. After this semester no one pei youstalk people le. XD
So where?
<#>   <#>
Wtf dude!
oh, i was thinking of watching brother bear...
Remember we were supposed to have a bunch of male strippers?
I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
koi andar ki baat pata chale to batana...koi guess ya koi sawal
No
jay says he'll put in  <#>
Lol ok.Zhen Yang got go today u can find him later.lol.
Where u now
chap5---2 to 6, 8 to  <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap6---1,3,4,6, <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap7---1,3,4, <#> chap8---unseenchap4---unseen2nd order derivation
Oh.. Ok. dun hav to apologise.. its not ur fault.
Opps... Sorry reply so late... I did until 5, e rest not sure how to do...
Yo yo. Im at canteen 2 le.  Call me when you are here.
s very slack currently. Sorry for replying so late
Aik min. . Dusri site pe 5th jan ko 7 matches likhe hain. Confrm kr k btata hn
:(... I go poke him.. ask him check hp
Who u btw? Is ur fren the Thai called smthing boy?
Erma. Roughly done. Left strategy.
Please check email.
Okay see you
He told me 11am when i say that i want it as early as possible... Oh well...
Fwd:It's  <#>  flower stChula Vista CA,  <#>
Lols left 2 fish!
Of course. Happy vday!
Haha they not slacking, they were revising chem haha wth. they said"you pay attention, we study chem, okay?" Then I was like what the Ialso want to study what so I told them just pay attention lah ._.
What
Yeah i'm in lab
ve got drivin lesson... Cant make it...
I'm fine with  <#>  to 2...is pk and jaime ok too?...
Yeah wanted to ask you this sunday free mah. Lynette wanna play mahjong.
Who? BTW nid do wad
where are you now? i'll pick you up at 7 pm.
You finish le?
,)
I am in bus at ESI
hello francis
I want briliance cabinet so plz call me.
Lol u got enough cash?
Ooo okay! (:
Back in three minutes.
Set! Den aft tt go table tennis?
Hi regards Blk  <#> . May I have ur nationality, gender n occupation? Avail  <#>  dec.
I'm going out for dinner, you want anything from wcp?
Management sci what module laid de?
Haha np np (: thanks!
Oh shouldn't be too heavy/big less than 1kg
Ok
so hw is family?
I nid ask my mentor off day see if can
Haha orh I hope so too:/ sorry for taking up your time haha>< sleep soon!
We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
Yo come my house for mahjong nowwwww
yeiyei, tell me when u reaching cck? i bring umbrella for u ok
Are you guys planning to meetup today
5min
Hee. Orh! Sayang dum dum. U really make me smile.
hee. ok! dear i reach home le. muacks!
I go back hostel first, later find you?
Yea I rarely use comp la. He got kicked till lame liao become baika
<#>  room
I would be late for 10 min 5 more bus stop
Ok
I know! So stoked! I'm going to get my stuff ready for rehearsal and                              text you after :)
Ya no sch but I jus stay hostel. Every night go chalet no enoughsleep lose muscle
oh boy.. shawn is gonna be so damn disappointed when he finds out lyd has a bf liao...
I reached.
That's a non answerrrr
Haha. Yammy asked me whether if we'll still be meeting tml. I thinkyes right, since we haven't cfm idea for presentation.
I heard our unit might get activated at noon today
Look carefully
Yes de.
K k
Yup  <#>  and  <#>  is possible.
<#>
Lebewohl
Orh ok, so I go online?
Helw seena.. I'v paid f0r ur eby item..plz shp d item asap
Omg... what the hell? How is that even possible!
Waaa. Sounds great too. Ur max was how mch
Haha nope only 4 girls came for the friendly! I was third to come andsophie is naturally late:D hahaha of course not! We played the natteam girls! Omg they are v nice ppl haha! Haha just reached home! (:hahaha I dunno why so blur:P haha yeah they aren't! If they find theywill confiscate, but if they won't actively search for it! Hahaha idm!But I dun really chew haha!
Gg deadly combo! Singapore only got 1 type of mantis ar. Hey btw2moro imma meeting Joel at clementi at 6 to go eat with shaohao theyall u wan?
okok. srysry. so u decided the course already?
Eh I buying ok tea for they all u want?
Yo wen! Hilda ask if you wanna meet on wed at  <#>  at clementi forlunch then work on lit review tgt, like compile! And settle ourschedule! And we can go nus library to find the standards thing (:
Hahaha what I didn't see!!! What hack!? Woohoo I went shopping today LOL.
Dunno jus asked u nia. 2moro staying over
Hiiii good morning!
Kk
Yup
How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester
Ooo my last paper on 1st dec. How's wedding dinner? Everyone gettingmarried liao hor
Yup.
Huh neva win money then go... Play black jack...
Check ur email NOW!
yar sirf  <#>  mint late tha...wase 2 bhi sahi ha...service pack latest hamesha karte hain
Haha icic! So nice! Hahaha my coach more pro than them, but they arestill alot more pro than us! Nope didn't ah hahaha they like lettingus have an easy time one XD haha nope all abt uni age bah! Haha seeguys are so weird!
Yo happy birthday and did u leave the yr2  <#>  notes around?
Y u no warm up?! Then how? Still going?
LOL I DIDN'T REPORT THIS PROBLEM. HAHA OKAY WE MIGHT REACH AROUND THESAME TIME
Bring natural stuffs u can find on the ground like leaves twigsbottles. Will be used for printing
casey lah!
True... Help source le. Thksss
Haven't been out of the country for over a year =)
Haha. U very smart for mno <#>  leg. Lucky i'm not the last too!
"Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doingordinary things extraordinarily well." - Angelique Arnauld
As in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|
Aj tak
You rem me?
Hmm you guys go ahead first, i'm having a stomach ache! :P
You got me!
hey brother..we all are there with each other and the only thing which is changing is the situations.. i will always be there with you
Next week tues would be best for me!
Yup told le..
Kernel soh, when will u be at hostel?
Izit... Cos some nvr mark leh... Oh okie... They bold e ans, haiz...
:-(:-(:-(
Ic lol.. so ke lian T.T... hmmm tempting lol... shld be ok I normallyalso din go for Tue lec le lol... it is at biz 2 some experimentallab...
Wahahaha. I also wanna try good japanese food one. If today nvr try,i don't know when i'll try. Now i can haolian to ppl i ate before le.Yaloh her bf like so strict, beyond belief leh. Haha. Oh ya n plsdon't think i'm bian tai stalker okay.. I just said whatever i didshow tt i'm truthful. Haha.
Tomorrow morning is on?
Lols okay. Later I Dun wan train too hard!
Kk I now on bus from sch le. Will reach at bout  <DECIMAL>  or so.
Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
I really wish dude would come look @ my jeep so i know how bad screwed i am.....
Talk to u later
Thanks love
NONE!NOWHERE I KNO DOES DISCOUNT!SHIT INNIT
Yeap... correct thanks!
:-)
Ha koshish kr rha hu. Kyu nahi karu.
orh! yeiyei where now
Take care
Then not so late arh I also around that time bah
Movies screening of inception happening today
Buy*
Anna im goin 2 sleep... I'l b redy at  <DECIMAL>  2mro mrng..I'l gv a miscl at 5.Bye.Gbu
I went again just now to get it,didnt want it to be sold out. Youwant to go again tmr ah?
Hi on your way?
But soul crushingly sad!
I am already at level 3 consult area
Ed is on is e 1 singing now. Party Baby! Ukelele is a music instru. also is Yu Ke Li Lin Eng name.
<#>
Im nsid nw.i askd a aunty,dat ws n lst mednsday
Haha ehh I dunno I think if I am annoyed I will give you warning dehaha so unless you cont doing the thing I'm annoyed with I shouldn'tbe angry bah! What about you! Hahaha if I make you angry I think Iwill be very scared:x
Sarle cheptale
Deal. Kk go slp le. Ttyl
Started.
Yep, fine with me
So where n wat time u wan meet?
Duno forgot already, cos u say u dont get wat i mean so i thought i got typo in my msg
Hahah I can't even tell... is this a hint about my obnoxious clicking? =P
PANIC! PECKS AT LCS' HEAD
m reaching there in 2 mins
<#>  thanks!
He ready already?
630. Today ah! Later on... Dont be late... And dont gelek
i can call in  <#>  min if thats ok
Ooo, cool.. Okay, what time you going there?
Scan copy bhaja di hai email id pe vo collect kar lena
Yup.
2morow ICT ramalakshmi's b'day!:-)
Hahha .. why lei
Okie... No prob... But xuhui wants earlier izit... Haha, we really noe how to enjoy life, facial den shop...
K
U be ard then?
Hmm? Bus can take  <#>  then change to  <#> , but take quite long!
Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
Anand ka numbr ho to msg karo na
Eating now?
Acha. Chalo enjoy karo !
Hihi sorry i'm still in my room, anyway I was going to suggestsomething along the lines of olympics coz it's next year also!
Haha yeah. It's sufficient.
The bus leaves at  <#>
No need.
ya eat le. kiss u!
Hey, on my way.. are you still there?
Tmhra admit card aa gaya hai CPT ka.
Manager called dead of the night and told That we will not go..
Night night
m fine in between can go gym... Orchard can go for free abt
Is it today?
When I was born, GOD said, "Oh No! Another IDIOT". When you were born, GOD said, "OH No! COMPETITION". Who knew, one day these two will become FREINDS FOREVER!
Haha I choose one ma, but its not easy compiling leh!
Hi Abhisek, Dhanya,EB, Shweta - we meet at PGP back gate tomorrowmorning  <#>  sharp. please SMS everyone once you wake up.. if no SMSby  <#> , we ll all spam you with calls ;-) Seeya!
Dur rehke haste rahoge to chalegaKbhi kbhi milte rahoge to bhi chalegahamari yaad me 1msg to karnaFir wo msg khali hoga to bhi chalega
Hm. Dunno abt the way forward, but I know they are quite anxious torecruit and retain young ppl. From my dealings w them at least
Ok...
Okay i'll meet u somewhere outside LT <#>  then. I rmb her bday lah.I very good at rmbing bday one. Haha. Aiyo, i said no need liao. If uinsist, i'll be angry. Next time if got chance, u then treat duringour bday lah. Haha. If u all don't mind, we can arrange a day next wkfor yammy's bday. So later i tell gw n tg hor? But thurs i cannot cozgot presentation in sch. Haha.
U didnt receive my sms jus now? Anyway, u call n ask e dates already?
Haha other places like what=
ll  b goin off soon liao leh...
she is leaving
LOL next time I can try making if you want!! I learnt from Joel:D
Wanna do some art?! :D
Akka for me itself tshirt is very loose
<EMAIL>
Next step - "Sorry, I only drink single malt"
Hahahahaha yeah got pillow dont worry.
RR and delhi also tried :)
Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
I THOUGHT YOU WILL HELP ME FORWARD, EMO HAHA! OHH WELLS. IS IT STHWENHUI SUGGESTED LOL. I LEFT MY COM ON COZ I WAS PLAYING SIMS BEFORE ILEFT
I wanted to but i'm hit with database errors leh. U?
2moro wan go sentosa volleyball
Madam- use transparent in sentence Boy-ur suit is trnsprnt,bt ur red bra is visible Mdm-sharam karo Boy-sharam hai tbhi to nhi btaya k apki kali PANTY fati hai!
Haha true or wasted.... haha rain also stop le I reaching school soon!
Love. U!!!! Lookoing forward to tt
Wow how come?
No. Yaar maine manager se time liya hai aur unhe fir apna time managekrna hoga.  <#>  bje tk ana hai tmhe. Mushkil se wo taiyar hue hai aurtm apna time bata rhi ho.
Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
marche again ah? Shall we eat at far east?i meet at orchard first èn we decide.at eleven?
Who is e unfortunate one? Haha. Jio her lah. Not possible?
Aiya bblg I go lecture le. Where u????
Sweet kisses for wifey! I go  sleep le of dearest. :-*:-*:-*:-*:-*:-*
Eh ah. Haha not sure. Should be can bah. Im saving money leh. Lol
If later, earliest will be abt 4pm.
s have dinner with my sis tonight, she wants to pass me the bulbs while i can pass her the insoles. Ok?
Mur2 brthday jua kalie gol!
coming down now... paiseh
Hey how print ssef forms
I had seen his photo earlier he is very good looking.
How about drinks?
Ah blk
Yup... We r at 2nd floor boots...
Heee have laopo. Abit stressed costoday revision abit slow going
What!!?? Black shirt or???
Nope, went offline coz didn't want to be distracted
Cool :-) good morning!!
Okay see you!
no
6. Going out ar? Daddy fetching?
Not really lol
Cool.. :-)  what plans?
Ok la so u better than average! kWh x  <#>  x  <#>  x  <#>  = joules,which is a unit of energy.
I hear tat u dnt luv me.. I dnt knw it true or nt.. Anyway, ma old luvr ystrday cal me. She stil luv me ennu.. Wat shuld i do ?? Plz eniku pranthu pidikunu..
Hahaha hopefully lo
Hi good morning dear
Hi ppl! Let's meet at 4pm in sch to chiong powerpoint haha :) thankss!
You finishing class at 6 right?
Eh can sign us up? Yuquan say by Tmr le
They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
at bruce b downs & fletcher now
What time do we meet for breakfast?
I have lessons till 6pm on friday. So is  <#>  or 7pm fine?
School
Of cos got wash lah... I very sure...
Broke up.
Kk
1) AC <#> . 2) Alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) anytimeexcept sat  <#> pm. Weekend preferred.
haha.. ok..we everyday Valentine's day.so  how abt next sat  <#> febwe meet for dinner?
Cent bank- <DECIMAL> , idbi bank- <DECIMAL>
Still in class larh
hey how are you
Lol i dont know if ny guess is correct. But tell me when lynettereplies you. XD
Hey people, please text me your passport number will do, no scans needed.
Eh.. so how? tmr..?
O ok =/
Aj nhi kal subh la denge
5 more mins
Wat time coming back
En en zao!
Thnx kela. Same 2 u maka.
Wat ?
Oh okay I set up first
Haha I just received your sms): hahaha you have to let me!!! I duncare!! Haha yup in the end we ate lunch! Are you leaving for schsoon?
Heh gal my pc hang talk to ya again...
Ok can we meet at 6 then?
Hee... Yea man... Bro got abit more to help ma... =)
How many ppl are they picking??
I just ended my class. Finding place loh.
Hi, this is Prof. Kan from NUS, following up since I didn't see youremail.  You can find the project description here at  <URL>
Touching lines just b4 death- . "Dont burn me immediately after my death, my friends hav a habit of coming late."... Gd mrning hasu.. Hv a gud day mwaaaaaaah
Really sorry ah. Next time remind me not to say anything.
I think steyn surely get one wicket:)
whats going on with denver? i hope denver beats the colts! i alot hung over lol. luv u  Crazy Bitch :)
We can chip in!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
Have u sent me ur part of EE?
Sat night u free?
Haha... Okay okay...
Where r u
Yes
Serious go say if I m not wrong u must be the daughter of my fren dad
Thanks are you still thinking about queues lol.. sleep earlier hor good night!
Do you have a tax id?
Been busy wif work and trying to learn some computer programming by myself. Ü are tired out by yr hetic work?
Not n onlne
s my first choice... Dunno y i chose tt oso...
Close the patlock wn u go inside.
Not so soon cya later then
About you.
Thrs ,6th jan
Zakhm Khana aur Chupana Zaruri Ho Gya, Rote-Rote Muskrana Zruri Ho Gya, Hath Mera Dekh k Ye Mashwara Usne Diya, Ki Kch Lakiro Ko Hath Se Mitana Zaruri Ho Gya..
At 1 P.M.
TLC channel now quite nice
Wait... if it's novena I can make it earlier... like  <DECIMAL> . ifnot will 2 be fine?
I watching tv lor. Later going out to buy something. U leh? U going out?
Yea but need chiong. I 3pm got Pe
Nice.
s ur flu and fever? Are u feeling better?
Yes but u need to marry me first. I'm not quitting til I get married!
Okay can.
fast one tday....my fren gotta work tml
Whaaaat's up?
Hey Sathvik, Nishanth here.. Shiv and I were planning to goannalakshmi for dinner.. wanna join?
But in my case I think they kinda know is us lol. Looks like can onlydo shitz on last week of hostel
No la only celebration
Jio u cut hair 2moro
Get $5 worth of free SMS/MMS for 6 months for just 600 Sunperks points from now till 30 Apr. Call 1627 now before this promo ends.
Rly I nvr lie den u aggro me. I jus say the 1st thing in my mind! Unvr trusted me
?
Opps press wrong. U so poor thing la! Sayang u later
0k np.. Xams stil g0ing 0n?
K but which movie do ü wan to watch... How abt x men...
Haha when hilda us around definitely got things to talk about! I'mpainting my nails LOL.
Hey other then intro what are you doing? Ming lun got tell you?
Not today. Most likely either tmr or wed
bezbooz
Just started! I'm reading shonen jump haha!
Call to that land line number. My ani is there.
Can't 2moro only family day. But sj and me will train together. 2weeks later see how big u are
Yeah i know  <DECIMAL>  just meet me at the class benches later i got my stuff already
Same to you too! (haha can't type Chinese on this phone)
Hey u haf unix acc in soc..Can lend mi yur passwd? + unix acc? I juz wana try sumting can? Thks..
ok.. ask daddy come lotone fetch me later?
Wow so many! I ate kfc:P very filling ~ haha sorry late reply my browas playing games on my phone!
So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
Like 1
Have arranged the tuition to 6. So i will only be at nus ard 9.30pm. Get some food during lunch for dinner. Will get a snack for you later.
m not goin liao... Meet on mon can? Anyway, happy bdae!
I dun mind goin 4 lo...Haha, sorry ah, reply so late...
Which part of town r we meeting
Hahaha let's go!!!! Idm ehh!! But I heard ratings not so good!!
we shall meet next day?
Great!  Let me know where you stay.. will come over at night
t done yet. Dun worry tml ü can ask paul if ü dunno how to do. Either that or can do e practice ñ email 2 him 2 check.
Machan,its me dasun,girishas fnd,tel him dat i cnt cm at  <#> am,coz suddnly a presntatn has bn scheduld at 1 pm,il cm aftr dat fnshes,tc
Your motherboard is working properly. Memory problem.
agaya ha?
Whoa kool.
Guys!tmr ard 2pm can?where u feel lk goin?suggest plc?if not den muz wait til tmr jess call me at 12den she suggest,but v last min
Who is this
U r coming no? Pls do
Where?
Haha... Not accurate right....
Going back home tmr night isnt worth it since I guess I will have to go to chalet on tuesday morning. Not sleeping yet?
Nopes... She doesnt have...
Me going out w my friend lor... I should congrat him 4 finally able 2 step into ur house...
Ok! Quack quack
Hmm:-).  Dear I reach le.. ureaching let me know, I walk walk a bit firsr
Tomoro we can talk for sure
Ponning hse meeting?
K inka
Have you finished work yet? :)
Thanx lor hor.Of all things...U know,u always take an avg of 10 mins to reply?
Ok cya
I use phone check can't le
Wednesday =o
i am happy to seeing this because it is me
Haha. No problem lah.
hmm.. his dad fetching me back..
Haha sorry, I just happened to check twitter only.
Supreme Court has announcd now that any person who meets road accidents can b taken 2 nearby hospital immediatly. Hospital must not ask 4 police report 2
Eh wad? U keep emoing
Hav u told zhong to bring laptop?
Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
You guys can go first! Huiwen is coming too!
Hahaha ooo! So cool! That part you did the people largely not fromdance right hahaha!
Haha you may not even want to remind me probably! But I dun think Iwill need to be reminded, you are just really awesome in so many ways!(: haha coz all the dares mah! Hahaha so they will never jio me right!Haha yeah she's blur and cute! Yeah I just left! Taking  <#> , omgwhen I was walking to the bus stop got two kurohito walk past me, thenkeep looking at me, quite scary>< I dun like going home alone): todaymy dad signed stressed so i didn't want to ask him to fetch me!
Woah racist spotted.
So how
Haha just now I thought you topped up using card. That's why I toldyou to check your acc. Lol now you can sue them for scamming yourmonneh.
No lah, she didnt expect us to be so fast, cos they took months to get together.
It goes into a capacitor then to the reset pin on the chip... A little complicated i'll explain online later
Nus. Just nw stayed back to do some work. Tan wei Hao hp flat, Ithink he will reach home soon
My yeiyei still awake??
Dear u rech home le?
Wow I guess woke up. Lol. I bout  <DECIMAL>  reach? Haha
Transferred. Please confirm
Next sat Joel me yh sj going
ll quit tis job lor...
Joel's idea1st idea, ball roll and hit a bottle, it topples and cause water toflow in a plastic river channel like a pvc tube cut in half, whichcarries a boat, when this boat hits a 'bridge' like a ice cream stickbridge this will push another bal or two other ballsl to continue thechain rxn.2nd idea, ball activates air pump, blows up balloon, when balloonreaches some height it pushes a seesaw to make the next ball to rolldown a slope.3rd idea, nails block a ball from entering a channel, ball hits magnetinto position whereby it attracts nails away and cause ball to rollinto channel.
Bull shit
Kaha par he
dont try 2 argue with me
0k  <#>  min me aja
Haha... Okie... Hope u lk my soft cookies... U ah really a bad host, nvr entertain ur guest...
And socks
Am not interested to do like that.
Der
LOL hahaha that was so random just now!!!
R u coming over tonight
I'm not sure the tutor uses same qns everytime or not, most likelyyes. If yes then no need to go. If not, better go lor.
Fiiiine give me a few
Yup. She took very long lor, haha..
Sneha barutte hogutte. Preeti barutte hogutte. Firends bartare hogtare. BUT H I V (AIDS) Bandre hogalla safe your life OK Happy AIDS day..;-) <#>
Okay i'll take note of that. After the girls write le, i'll see how.
Hahaha. Ok. Now going back soon.after exams we enjoy more! See u soon
NUS EXAMSEAT U <#> W  <#>
ll jus take mrt down later.
Are u going der
Hmmm... But where u wana meet me first...
Holy shit
Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
Don't tell you!!
Haha it's alright I will cone online later! Watching modern family o.o!
Come aftr 1 da..
Abt ict only na.i vil tel abt d use in future,subjects releated with ece,etc..
Okay.
Y
If we phrase it as nus biz aim at establishing global linkage then shld be ok
If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
Ohh am I shichan's buddy?:P hahaha are you glad? Naoya is scary:o
Still getting the tabs up, you'll see it when i get it up
I am near entrance
Hi Andreu, can chanel dr shiranthi,eye surgeon,at  <DECIMAL>  2day. If posible go n chek. Bye.
Ok piggy
Post!
Can
Okay rmb to ask about the stopper?
no i think u should try to ask
0362, 8390, 8332. 3208,all $3 big only
Have LOL very very unglam!!!!
Ok then when i reach i go collect ticket first. Now i nothing to do watch tv.
Haha..where were you heading? Never go after him
Monday
4461 Come out
Wat time reach? We haven eat breakfast
where u now?
Hahahaha ya lor.Sian.must reach on time de huh?
Nvm let him slp bah.
Suganya is loosu 鈥??Appaavi鈥??Smiling鈥??Sweet鈥??Decent鈥??Stylish Mass鈥??Tension鈥??Romantic鈥??Lovable鈥??Terror鈥??.Cute鈥??.unforgetable person鈥㏑ply me
Hey where ya
I lookin classified now.
Lol that is my lunch timing mah wat time u want?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Help a girl whn she is in trouble,n she will surely remembr u...... Whn she l again in trouble.;-) gn.tc.
Whts up kilonsele
Haha 4got le. Hey u wan hermit crab? I wan to play with but I dun wantake care. Sponsor u, but u take care? :P
In e car jus reaching home lor...
"Vision without execution is just hallucination." - Henry FordLast day of exams!! Jyjy!!
Hi Hapy ramazan va..Allah k?¤pp?¤r..Insa allah s?¤puda p??ren.;-)
Hahaha noo I'm sure I can reach on other days too!  Haha yea thedessert damn funny, its so small then Beverly was like "omg where'sthe dessert I can't see it" hahaha! Yea the person still talking ._.
Haha ps! LOL why formal means late! I dun think I ever saw you informal before! Haha I will get scolded leh): mr ku dun care but leechan lye sure make a big fuss about it x.x haha did you know I saidgoodnight? Hahahahaha!
m inside ur house. Den wat u doing now? Watch tv?
Nice!
Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight
Jog there?
We r on e right side...
Whr ru
no prob ;)
t be back for dinner tonite... can help me tape the 7pm show?
Fwd: <URL>
Hi! guys n grls somebdy wan 2 chat with me..
Happy  <#> th birthday and happy lunar new year!! All the best toyour future endeavours. =)
Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
Haha yesterday de mango  <#> + u also din buy le lol... rmb to buy urmango de shirt arh!
Hi Ricky, Can I know when (after 8pm) you are planning to come up toour place tonight to discuss the reno plans?   Thanks!
Jus cut today! Friday wad day
Great. I'm in church now, will holla when i get out
Bta na bhai karna kya he.. Mujhe samaj nai aya kuch ph0n pe
Hi good morning? Did u get my last message? How about we just has iton friday as usual?
Okay.
You all reaching already?
Nah not now. Now no time
YOu have the number of the salon u did rebonding at raffles? How much u paid
U fetch?
Shld be ard 4 to 5 bah. What time e thing starts ar..
Nvm found
Rain,wat is ur phone number?u dun let mi koe how i call u?
Aiya...Where r u?
Haha so cute! Jyjy! Sorry was showing my parents Japan pics! How is it now?
Don studying too hard. Take care especial health. Ok bye!
Ok i bought e 3 numbers already. Now shld be having ur dinner? I just had my dinner n now at home..
Hahahaha ok.still is onli Percy.goli later will chu skill abit not bullyable.
Thank you
Which floor is tat?
Oki!! Kiss u!
2 ppl. Den rained dam Sianz. Got chased by dog someone. Emo la
ll go home 1st...
I dunno o.o last time I smsed him he said serangoon!
good performance.. enjoyed dance blast..cant say the same for the rest..
Haha ya lo dunno do wat also lol... ya I chosen Thursday de a lot lolcos I see a lot Thursday de... u Thursday wat timetable?
Haha thanks anyway :x
Wahahahaha. Tell her u meet me leh.
Abe saale aisa mat b0l.. Me ajmer me hu  <#>  din se n nana ke samne bt b nai kar pata..
Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that " <#>  lac crore" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  <#>  yrs. Can give  <#>  crore jobs to all Indians. From a
Ya. Kk. Help me bring extra swimming trunks
Dont talk about me to her!
Tats when u finish driving? hmmm.. ok den..
m free all e way until 2...
Haha its okay sorry sorry!! ><
what???
This is my number by vivek..
Whch bike u g0na get 0n  <#> th..
Dnt write man.. Jst stop all those things ?
Rain,yup its mobile number.
s ur headache now? fine oreadi?
I 1 to 4 free. How?
I INSIST!!!!
m too. and Hw was ur yesterday?
Hee orhh! Must sayang u much uch  . Go rest dear sayang urself also. Kisses!
My sis bday go out eat. Eh 2moro not gojng anymore le. Wan gym?
bcz this is consider branded among the thumb drive mah, u get those no brand one, 64mb, abt 28 to 35
m really not sure how to make my rules more complex leh...
K d
We were planing on doing exactly that
Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
Ü only send me the contents page...
Haha. Okay. See u later then.
I know but dun nid heat wad. Erm socl2 for wad
Lol yeah did that already
Pls come. Im dying of boredom:((
Mummy, 睡觉了。明天再shop. 晚安！
Yes...so i will meet at ur hse at 5pm...will call u when i reach urbackgate...
Nope still loading though :/
LOL I know but around it is also huge!!!
A reclusive prick?
If bout 6pm play u ok?
s, nydc all there places lor... Haha, u wana join me...
K k:) sms chat with me.
Just trying to figure out when I'm suppose to see a couple different people this week. We said we'd get together but I didn't set dates
You go queue and get seats first ok? I'm running some errands!
Let me kno aft u reach home.. Ill call.. Nw am n escaping mode..
I guess... I just can't see it as a negative thing myself and don'tnecessarily find it even that illogical... if anything, it's a topicyou could literally never have an actual answer for
Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
??????????????
s meeting still on?
Copied to usb?
mit at stairs
0k k0i bt nai bhai
Hiyo padi padi:-).
Hello hello! I just finished a run and am going to take a quick shower!
Nope not at all
Meanwhile u check hw long it takes to go bugis frm yishun..
>
Nice!
Yeah better sorry. Have a competition deadline tomorrow so little hectic...
LOL HAHA 5 MINS ONLY
Bring mike for break
Dear you slept
Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
chap5---2 to 6, 8 to  <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap6---1,3,4,6, <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> , <#> chap7---1,3,4, <#> chap8---unseenchap4---unseen2nd order derivation
Hahaha yeah ryan you!! Hahaha Ivan doesn't know I know! Nope he's notfrom my yr 4 class de! Haha oh wells at least you are early! Is raghavshocked??
Yup. How? He later meeting his friends then e 2 of us go elsewhere lor.
Art B+Chem A-English next semester
Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
I think it's on sunday.
<DECIMAL> % fnshd
Thks! Now its time to watch ip man2. I tink ur mantis will eat its moult soon
hey i will be a bit late coz i meet my frien pass some stuff first..
Hey pple... Do ur wana watch movie tonite?
ll rem... See ù!
Ya mine March  <#>   <#> h
im sure his other drs said no smoking no drinking (year right!
Lol not lousy, just that I nv utilise it fully. If I expand all thefunctions of my phone, iphone can throw away already.
Wat ya doin?
Yeah xP I feel like a damn kid again lol
M in class
Rchd hm
Hahah that would be funny. Post tons of pics too
-.- I was gonna buy that writing thing but I don't have back cards -.-
Eh what topic are you covering for the project? How many pages you intend to do,..
Uhh i got math lecture at 1pm yeah
I gt dam upset andrw.it ws a nasty day andrw.no mater wt s said n done,i nd my malli so much andrw.goin 2 slp andrw.cl u 2marw.g.b
Huh, u havent eat yet?
Lol you like always see her eh?
Yosh, we at makan place.
Just reach station. Yay
ME TOO
Hi ms woo! Sorry I'll be a little late, around  <#>  am, is that okay?
Woah hardworking leh. I hate ny lunch time from  <#>  to 1. Always noseats de. :(
Haha is it! Ooo ahh haha dunno later tonight I ask! I want Milo too!!!
Free
Hmm if we promote our camp using this, I think will kena sue forcopyrights eh.
Whyyy im fine with timing seriously.
Haha.. You eat le?
Oh ok..Nvm la..Hehe.U enjoy urself hehe.I sms u again
DB on kayak? Badass sia. How much u paid
Tonite... No ticks how to go...
Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
Let's cab down with fabz
Hahas Okok!
shit
Guai lan ))))))':
Hi mom i am comming home tomorrow.
Yea but can't stay. Btw when u comin back
Dear all 2da practice at 7pm.pls cme. RoZi *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Hahaha yup! At where you know?
Hah not sure got players anot.
Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
Yup. Sure.. will most probably join around  <#>
Yeap going.7.
Macha i am a changed person as a husband.full stop to cribbing and trying to be a good person to wife.will talk that later.now at kaloor as she dint get a direct bus to mamanglam..hope u r happy wth my bhaviour
We r opposite...
Sorry!
V fun meh they also nvr interact with u de... Jus dao him and find glen
Ya sure!
Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
I got a blue black on my butt):
If you have belive me. Come to my home.
We eating at science, u want to eat?
The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
Maya mandir md
Ends at 2pm today
Hey you not going for lect tmr ?
How r u now andrew? Did u go2 de doctor? Take care
I was thinking going to popular to buy some folder.
Love is a hand watch, only one person can see the time. But friendship is like a wall clock, every one can see the time. - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Oh okay thks!
If you free call me.
Ooo that's nice!! I dun wanna sleep just yet!
re meeting at 7 at marches right?
I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
Btw, guess who was in the elevator with me this morning?
Brother pls check your email tomorrow. GBU.
What is it?
Haha.. Nah, cheaper ma :) go Dubai so far.. Lol..
Good morning. Please note that there wont be vocal classes today in leiu of Christmas. Merry Christmas and God Bless you and your family.
Oh ya...Try not to b late hor... Cos i nd to go airport... Cya den...
Its opening da
Haha nvm biscuit not fat also... Woot we also got contribute to itok! Lol... I very sianz the lab need install something one but I dwlthe file keep cannot unzip... tml go their lab then can do sianz....
U know we watchin at lido?
Dear dear I reach home le! Daddy fetched me at lot one. Enjoy urdinner. Hee. Looove u lots! Rem ur Med.
Hey which part o terminal 2 will ü be in?
Yup.. :)
<EMAIL>
No messages on her phone. I'm holding it now
Y wat abt daa
Okay. cya...
Reach home liao.. Gd nite n sweet dreams my dear..
Nid $$ le. And fixed timing too. U wan go communuty centre learn ar
Sir, Did you got Xerox copy of the project..?
Ooo icic! okay haha see how bah! LOL OH NO, CAUGHT! hahaha dude doyour essay!!!!!!! If not I dun study:o
Omg day 3 training wanna die le
Oic..Got buy gift for me ma.keke..Then  i ask u out when u come back la..
Yeah definitely i'll be in school from ~8
Howdy Hemdi, I have bad news for you regarding 3214!
Sunny raun. Best combi
Hi rain.nice 2 koe u 2! Im 25 boy.wat r u working as?can i koe ur number,so i could chat n sms 2 u direct?
Apparently me over eating this past weekend wasn't as bad as I thought. Taking walks afterward must be helping because I lost another 5 pounds. Woohoo!
U got my package?
Aww hmm alright bah.
Leaving office. Hp running flat. Will sms you on cab...
Hey I saw the transfer already. Why got extra  <#>  dollars?
What you doing tmr morning?
Can play one? Help install le
Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
Haiz... Mayb got to catch not so young de ba
YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
Botha now
Xplain
Nope lol
Lol umm okay. You invite on behalf on me la lol. Im quite busy withmy camp eh.
Still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
Nono we copy ourselves la! Hahaha! Damn cool, liu say I never do 2 &4, then say he never do 1 & 3 hahaha!
m going back hall now... But our tutor not in leh. thought she said fri ?
tum ho kidhar...class main to ate
AIRPP <#> D
Heading to woodlanda. Just nw walk to starion. Bus just left. Hee.Kept tjinkimg of u
Nope.. Was doing work then I lost track of tine until Chong hui msg me just now, then I realized too late le..
SUBHANALLAH.. <#>  KO BHI KYA ZAROORAT HA  <#>  SE START KAREIN
In class
Ok!
Eh I heard mpe starts today.lol.
Nice!! Shiok
I love you soo much darling
Achha...
smile always
Are you going to send a mail... Tmr i cant leh
My opinion too.
What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
Nope notin..Jus wonderin...too bad i can only sms...If u want u can surf n at e same time sms so it aint that much a bother.Use e internet sms thingy.
Fffff
I am n big trouble brother.. Plz help me
Halo anyone out there
K.REEN I AM HANS.
Hi nemo!
We still pondering about the last one leh.
Wat cnt ask u abt boys u might hav met. Cmon nw dnt do dis. And u must b at station ryt?
:-)  seeya soon! Haha. U jiayou too! U looked less tired than lasttime. Take care k:-)
Hmm?
True in dis world nythng cn happen.
Yeah?
Gudmrng Arun.. Hope u will reach office by 2day evng..
Hi all, i'm at com2 dr6.
Yo drinking cancel dey.
hey edmund u awake?
Okay!
A kid after being beaten up by his mom was frustrated n was sitting out. Dad:wat happnd son? kid:dad i cant adjust wid ur wife anymore i want my wife.:-) Gm
Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng!
ll be angry w him meh?
Jie I think your foursquare is mine acc. Either yours or daddys.
That's a song dumbass. Movies that you will like too. Thriller.
Haha^^ what time are you supposed to wake up anyway??
SMSCASTLE Best Quote written in Cancer Hospital "Tobacco companies kills their Best & loyal customers...!" Plz Save Ur Relatives & Friends..
Ohh:/ connect directly to mifen!
Yeah no problem.
Okie... No prob... Cya...
On Facebook yes, actually, I dunno... she's gotten that job offerseveral times since we've been together
Nooo, then whoever late have to treat koi!
Write wat Chinese essay.lol.
Lk tt ah... Okie den thanx...
Mana comp room, come counter fetch me.,,
You outside? If yes got ask daddy fetch?
Dear, rem to move ur neck and body ar.. dun study until body stiffstiff. Muacks.:-)  da ding ding!!
ok
Actually i am helping a fren to buy the book.I will ask her and ctct u by tommorow.btw, will u b around tommorow and do u have e book at school?
So how are you spending yr weekend?
Ok just reached home hee
dun want
Ok lor wat time ü finish?
I ready.. R ü.. Call ü now or later
<#> . It goes sengkang then tpe to pasir ris. Thurs shld be fine too ba...
<#>  transferred :-)
I have one  <#>  x  <#>  pcb, but i ran out of NaOH i see if it's possible to ask scilabs where they get from
Come class find me
Idm!!!! Okay!! :D
First ans my question
Supper is what time? To9 I think I'm only free after  <#> pm.
Hey i replied ur email already, read when u free thank you!
Dear udone tell me we do lunch
Lg sitting near the canteen tt was under renovation. 9 i find yei yei
Oh ya, how u intend to do the receipt generation part? Any idea?
After u log both sides:(x- <DECIMAL> )lg4 = xlg7Can do from here?
I think we've to strategise our time well for the exam. I find thatto read the case is abit waste of time. If u know how to tackle thequestion, look at the question enough le leh. Haha. Go there is to seecais, not david!
<#>  depo7ited
PRAISE THE LORD! May my FATHER Blessed U in a mighty way right now & all Ur dreams may come true according to the WILL of GOD. May the HOLY SPRIT protect u with the Ring of FIRE through out ur LIFE. HAPPY CHRISTMAS! Be In GOD and may GOD Bless u!
Eh I don't. Although I think I have his msn somewhere.
Dun!! Ahh slap! Haha thanks (: good morning!
I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because
nice
I sent u billy no wad. I dunno le. U decide?
Yup... So now me haf 2 apply 4 another 1...
Kk
=P
Lol why. She wants a pair of shoes mah.
Haha but it must be better than my mums cooking :-P
Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
I will call you da
Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU & I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people & u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
Hahaha
Nope. I almost forget abt it. Think later jus find any shorts lor
Yeah and suitable font too. Overall nice jiu okay le.
As usual u can call me ard 10 smth.
Yup. U wan go tomw is it. Which branch u wan 2 go?
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
duh! where got lighbulb? know each other so long liaoz. anyway i wanna give you a birthday dinner treat. so on anot?
Wo de laptop dou huai le
Finish 2 days lo.*shake leg n yawn*hiak.wahaha.y go take confirm cui de mod.Nan dao u really to do biz in China.hahaha.
Wot evr
HAHAHAHA it's never difficult, I will leave a set of contacts for thecurrent president ^^
I'm sure you knew that though, since you're a clinical psychologist and all
I said u not to talk to anyone na for that
R ü all doing project in school tml...
I know. I like our nice comfy apartment. I'm even thinking of fast food. I got my kittens to think of lol. My mom is pure evil when it comes to animals.
Hahaha how is it like? I now have my second sleeping picture on fb!Featuring your jacket and my columnmates!
I HATE PEOPLE WHO SHOW ATTITUDE:-)
Children play whereva they want to.. They don't have any limitations
End at  <DECIMAL>
take a good rest my boy!!
So nxt year taking again?
Ok thanks..
Dao me:( fine..
Before 9
I anything lor...
U online but no reply
Post! That sounds great! Why did we ever throw such a friendship away?!
Whenever. Pick a day.
How come guoyang go n tell her? Then u told her?
Lta eday buy  <#>
Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
Then I'm on mah way
Dont worry, 1 day very big lambu ji vl come..til then enjoy batchlor party:-)
Okie
As in i want custom officer discount oh.
Yup I pass u later
thanks
Omg I'm such a good liar. I just got offline with Sprint. They charged me a fee to reconnect my services. I told them my service was never disconnected and they said ok and took off the charge yippee!
foodtrucks or wawa. sometimes restaurant close to work.
Just like carnival that promotes environmental stuff.
Ok la . . Still in army. . Better study hard ah u. .
Yuppp they will change a new one for you
Buzy
We check out NEX at serangoon, then we go to that place at littleindia to have dinner. That's my plan. U come ar, don't say far. Haha.
CNN you order food?
Oh, i forgot that.. We ll meet later.. Im at uni..
Someone needs to go to the new place
Hi Andreu,bus just startng. So, again i wish u a hapy n safe journey.May God bles u.Bye.
Thanks. Good luck to u too! Haha.
Oh, it was juz a chinese message. Wat hp you change to?
Yes .saturday leave.
Andrew, f u can pls make t 4today (tuesday) evning novena and mas. V r singing.
Class over d
Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
Oh. Okay. So u want to add anything to the prev sms sent to me?
m ok... If ü all going then i go lor...
Hmm think me ok lor. U ok? As 4 e time u decide lor.
have a good day
Dinner with mom postponed to next week.
<#>
Nope I dun like using cue card like not professional... haha dunnoleh hope not lo.... is just the 4p and strategy a lot to say lah... watake cab still late!
Yea I know. Just that by the time everyone confirm might be too late to book?
ll feel guilty...
Rohit for mumbai.. For  <DECIMAL> :-)
Whatevs, as long as we make those damned muffins!
Jeff jeff jeff jeff
Exceed wat.lol.
Good!
Okay thks!
No i'm going home late
Happy rabbit year !;) enjoy;)
Thank you very much,   MJ! Haha.
Ok
Gyming?
Of cuz la...Tell him 4 wat? Where got vet? Will it b v ex? Den yr course gd to study anot?
Hi Erin! Shevawn said you were driving some people to all state. Doyou think you'd have room for me? It's totally cool if you don't
Ooo yeah! Cool! Omg can't believe it haha you got the same passage!Yeah I guess the essay ones not too bad! Haha I just went, it's quitedry thanks so much!!!
O.o you're at bishan??
Fri can?
Yeah just a few more cm to silver. (y)
No no no we at hougang plaza
Pls recharge my account Tk <#>  soon.
Dinner only eh.
Wat nus des? Ok lor, msg me again...
Haha I finish my psychology le! Omg it is the same test lo as Mondaythe arrow one... cept today do 2 times! I nearly fall asleep halfway!So Sunday de marketing meeting u going?
u looking for me?
Ya..
Today's thought : The value of life is realised only after its lost.. true statement.. eg:alive chicken -rs  <#> /kg Chicken tandoori- rs  <#> /kg good evening :-)
Ok you ask
Lol but then again ur prince charming might be in front of you. Dontmiss the tree because of the forest :-P
Being in touch with you adds the spark to my life... Just be there always - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Hi boarded the fligh.. leaving on time.. see you soon! :-)
Because religion isn't just that
Come
Leave it wif me lar... Ü wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to ü?
Okie..
Yup i can go now...
Nah it's ok. Take your time to laugh at the people queueing for koi.
I dunno they close oredi not... Ü v ma fan...
Hey dad can I stay over? I wanna gym at sch. Plus I realised thatThursday got cluster outing and Friday got script checking
? Y?
That could actually be fun, but what would we do that people in SLUgSwould know?
Yo! Rmb to call Starhub!
No la only celebration
That's Michael Jackson's sing, dumbass
Tell subi not to wear too formal lah, i'm just wearing polo tee andlong pants. Do u've his contact num? If u do, pls pass it to me.Thanks.
Yes sure! :)
Hee. Is my Chou baobei enjoying himself? My tuition cancelled for theday. Ding ding!!!! Love love u
Will you go to watch cinema?
Ok i try the. Never bk cineleisure b4.
Ya should be
good luck for your exams
Hmm is it? I dunno leh! If dun cycle I also dun mind ah, they wantall start new char in Holywood!
Happy studying hor... both of u so on.. hey hey, why dun u go to cl? Then I can join u after I finish meeting
Not yet. At punggol. Still in cab.  Sleep well honey.
The message sent is askin for  <#> dollars. Shoul i pay  <#>  or  <#> ?
I had to. YOU refused to take me shopping.
Phone de bo leh. Only got ipod.
Hahaha ohh in your room is it??? Chey I thought outside! No la won'tlightbulb de la! Haha okayy:D I dunno! I just sent the email haha!
Sure.
Oh sorry!!!!!!!!! Help me tell her thanks :P
Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... Ü got lect at 12 rite...
Heeee. I lovr u also yei yei. Ok I go slp on
With my sis lor... We juz watched italian job.
ll be back by then. Before you go out, give me a message
You flippin your shit yet?
The 2 colour is wad colour?
Oh yr older bro ;-) ha ha i think he is cute too
R the yr4s leaving anytime soon?...i got eg lecture at  <#> ...haha....
Heh because lots of us are so excited over the photos XD
SEN.ANYBODY THERE.
I'm yeow xuan!
Oh its okay! Thanks so much anyway!!!
Kk
Thanks
K k:)
Lol yes. Haha. Im to my phone now.
Ah unlike you huh
I used Adobe photoshop CS5.... need to buy. Mine is school give us free license.
m watchin 330 show lor... Might not b able 2 make it home in time... Call u later...
Thank u Andrew :-)
The name of the shop is jfl, beside e-top
S:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
Me ajmer me hu
google per search karna parta ha...koi official site nai ha...mujhe cable mil gai ha...agar flash karwana ha to mughe aj de de
Actually, my mobile is full of msg. And i m doing a work online, where i need to send them  <#>  sent msg i wil explain u later.
Hahaha FIND IT FIRST THEN I BUY KK :D hahaha is that so:o!!! Hahahanow??? I'm going to the concert that Dr wong emailed about!!
Waa Emo la the team take best 4 readings mine 4th. Gideon dam gay got <DECIMAL>  min wen sheng  <#> s faster than me. Gotta train for hotwheels!
he having his physics lab now.. measuring speed of light. mayb nv hear
Haha a tapping game! Show you tmr! Haha then you won't be sian when Igo nz bah!! (: (: good good! (: chibi squished!
I dun think so but don't quote me
Nope!!!!! Show me!!
Ok , I will follow your instruction.
If the rest are okay with the UI, i'm also okay lah. Haha. Don't worry.
I think i deleted the email. Can u send me again? Thanks.
Oh then we can resume tue timing on 3rd of august. Okay I'll come tomorrow.
Yaar i love sincere and lively friends like you.No fear
Bout to take off, I'll call you later today when I'm home inBerkeley.. happy belated Easter, love ya
Yeah very apparent from your craziness. Okay lah not that hot.
Ohhhh yeah there's that, I'm retarded lol
Sorry de. Today i cant come bcoz i have to study the yesterday class. The portions are very tough. Pls de
Sian tron blue then very confusing
O GOD, YOU ARE MY GOD, and i long for you. My whole being desires you; Like a dry, worn-out, and waterless land, my soul is thirsty for you. Psalm  <TIME>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day ! :-)
Andrew macho im leavin nw,cs hv 2 cm early 2 wrk 2marw.i hv a hedek alsf macho.cl me nce finishd.g.b *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
Hehe me kyu bachane laga paise.. Ghar pe paiso ka tree jo he.. Aur dasso ki haal he..:-xGud m0rng..
Lol go get a normal mp3 if you are planning to get iphone.
Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
Bout same as holiday
When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
Okay cancel the drinking part. I am too tired lol
Nothing like the greyhound, huh?
Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
Then u get ur most intimate photo w him then put my face on urs then send 2 me... :D
Ladies first and genus second k .
Huh... How u noe? I din receive anythin leh...
K.:)congrates.
Huh who? Where? When?
Running abt getting food for the party... Enjoy your lunch dear.
Oh I go take a look tonight
Eh weds playing volleyball at sentosa u not coming?
Baba came. V r in badula ctb bus. Bye. May God bles u
Meanwhile, your house very near the temple hor. Shun bian help mepray please lol.
I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me ... How much I need you ... In my life ...
Umm... yes!
im going to the mall for shopping where are you?
Sure anytime. We are going for lunch now too
Why do you ask princess?
Where are you now
t think I am taking anything out of my core this sem. But got 2 required cross facs which are statistics and genes and society.
Haha ok.nite nite.
<#>
U know, something like the specialty... for example, this poly is good for what, that poly is good for what... is there such thing?
Haha okay teach me next time! Ooo you're leaving first! Bye bye ~
Ok thanks
I reachedd. Where u
Yo drinking cancel dey. Let's just play mahjong :-D
Ger u got break at 12?
Reach min le! they want/dun want is ok de! Haha just call her lor Ithink Sophie should have told her!
Yeiyei!! Slp le ma?
Passport number expiry date issue date and ur ic number
Then u choose e time n place out of those i say in e pre msg.
s a good idea. so i see ya tml
if singapore too exp, we go kl buy next time. Then can go genting to play amusement park
Yeah exactly. Should have told me last night righttt
Hello, just a reminder. Ulu pandan needs more claim forms, exchangeforms, and we've already handed over the 2 thumbdrives. Thanks.
Ah and who told Divya?
I will be there but not sure whether I can join for dinner. Coxmeeting my sec school friends also..
I MEAN SMS OMG THE TYPOS
Haha nice. Oh well doesnt matter lol. Im bored in school. =(
No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
s ur preparation? Gd luck for ur paper tmr? And remember to sleep early k. :-)
Can like get 1 or smth i dunno
Haha true... playing game le lol... Nomnomnom! Haha not fat fat caneat! Wa so good I dun mind lol
Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
Hey people, im organising a trip to ily tonight. Let me know if youare free tonight ^^
Who's your favorite not Ken Hale linguist?
4 5 plus... u all overtime so sudden!
Putain!!!!!!!
Nice xP
Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
My plan is to do laundry... Blech... good headache luck yo
Ugh fuck it I'm resubbing to eve
laogong i reach home le. reach home safe k.
m going amk to study..
Define polysemy
Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
What are your dinner plans?
Ohh oops hehe I never check my phone the whole day! Hehehehe I wentout today! Watched johnny english :DD
Haha np sorry! I scared my phone cannot get through!
Thanks mr leong.
Monday I got napfa!! T.T but lynette is free though. Haha you cancontact her ^^ she knows what to buy too.
Find them Lo. Sohjie yuanhan
im studyin for my test now.. later presentation shall all depends on my smokin skill. hehe.. goin home le ah, go home do wad?
where is the lecture?
Nope, ther was some issue. I can manage i think. Thanks again.
Later  <#>  wan go math?
Ok inka
muacks. whrre u wan ti meet?
Wh0 r u
Lols jus gymed yest . 2moro going swimming ps. Eh like no one wanwatch movie liddat
Yeah let david know.
LOL I HEARD HE WAS DAMN LOUD!
Hhah alright bah.
Msg 58: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<acef5ca33641dcec87f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2011.10.05 08:13:36
Oh ok not disturbing
Ok lo.. Sekali not going coz now Taiwan got SARS. Haiz.
Weds lo
Yeah wont strain myself. Ep 3 only. I dl the first season only. Findsome easy games lor.
Ok. Tonight. I need the email add:  <EMAIL> ,  <EMAIL> ,  <EMAIL>
India  <#>  all out...laxman  <#>  :)
Ohhh. Ymca.. Badbad.
Ya tio raped!
can msg me wat is ur ideal christmas present? he comin? it shld b less than $20. pls reply by 7
As in i don't know if there's cp!
Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?
Hmm should be  <#> th and  <#> st bah.
Nope, juz woke up... Wah, u so late haven slp ah... Pple stay in hall really slp late. Kaiez, nitez...
No
Sold lens le...  <#> . Haha
Yup...
Wa u said good night liao but still awake? Thx thx.
U got tell them not so loud? so do until wat time?
pant utar yar
Do your work!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ey ya a cake...c how 1st...i let ü noe again mi sleepin le..paiseh hor...Nitez!
Ahhh. I see. I don't mind going to pasir ris for you but maybe betterto deal on weekend ba? This coming sat?
U?
call me
Dunno he hasn't appeared maybe he's already there
Lol play? In case hahaha
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
Hey later come over to the clubhouse. Im inside already.
Sullied his pantz
Okie
Its ok. Hi ranger u m or f? Workg? Age? Its ok iregardles wht u r, ok. We r frens, right? Tell me more, ok.
Wahhh, why so late?
Only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
Come lah. Anyway i msg u later u decide.
I want dumpling la... But negociateable.
Ah finally here :(
In case tml go pump, bring passport?
Omg scary! Where did you find that! Yeah haha didn't!
Thanks! It's at 5, should i?
Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
Yup
Then maybe meet you after that. Dear watching show at home le?
SMSCASTLE A Man Tries To Keep His Mobile On a Table.. But Where Ever He Keeps It, It Falls.. How.? ? ? ? Bcoz There Is No BALANCE In The Mobile..
Leaving hse le
Pls come down stairs
Our pinky will confirm be gone, even when we live on
On the shore of life , all gud relations r like waves. They come n go bt they touch in such a way that a feeling of closeness always remain forever..
I3 building  <#>  heng mui keng terrace level 5 s <#>
Dum dum full of love for u le
Anand Tilak Ohm Associates  <#> /C Jadhavji Jethabhai Bldg., R. No.  <#> , Gr. Flr. Mughbhat Lane, Girgaon, Mumbai  <#>   <#> . Office  <#>  Mob.  <#>
Haha- if no need make up ñ near my wkplace ñ not wk too late.can consider.tt is if ü can find such a place.ay,abt a mth ago she say she wk ere la. Hee-
ll be able to make ü swoon! Haha!
Haha so Li hai! I sure cannot watch webcast and watch tv at the sametime lo lol.. cabbage Nomnomnom! Lol... haha true must be goodstudent
Orh ok. I'll call her.
Hai..how is you
Wanna intro...Joey?
Starting the seminar eh?  Nice! You going to cut your beautiful hairagain? ;-)
Will come down now...
lagi belajar. Udah masuk sekolah hampir satu bulan.
What time you coming back?
O. Ic. I may come
Do you think you'll be free Saturday night? Even if it's late? ^^
Ok what news there
That's becus you dont go around smelling other guys' bodies:))
Hihi
eCR Status: eCR is currently unavailable. (# <#> )
Eh random change to sms lol.... lol dun go dinner lah! Lol... or askthem go sushi tei together! Lol
Wa... I ate one cup of yoghurt, yum yum...
Eh wait. Tmr night i can't. What abt later? Haha. Paiseh.
Lol defection is the hardest. Dunno type wad
Arre itni si bt pe s0ry ko kyu kehte ho.. Khair sojao abi kal baat karte he.. gn:-P
Processing request for a refill of INR.  <DECIMAL> . (Transaction id BR <#> ), Please pay to retailer.
U mean meeting w shuhui n ron they all? I duno. U in town do wat?
My credit card haha
Just come toilet pass me?
Andrw if u can bring a bag da.Lot 2 take to ur room da.Bye.God bles u
Yeah.lol. <#> am sia.
I jx reached hm,borrowed an ez link card.but money,ic etc in room lo.hmm have fun in bangkok.ü goin for hw many days?
Haha are you sure? Apple wont have the time to make so much stuff eh.
Hai me. Dzee. Ni ne?
Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
Hi how are you?
Ohh omg so cool! I wish I could do that! Haha real steel! It probablyjust ended or about to end is it? (: sorry I fell asleep on the sofahaha:P haha if the chance comes that would be cool:P ohh what thehaha._. Then how? Busy? Huh?
Anna pasd royal
k.. after 9 rite?
Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
hmm
Lara unsold
But tution is gd money ah! Tsk tsk... u really shld cut down on ur sauce too much sodium! k go nap... dnr *hugz*
Hmm all good. There is an almost direct bus from here.. will join youguys there directly :-)
Wanna Minecraft maple Skype with me and Mike?
So that's where u been hiding!
Yeap
There?
Ok can just include in the note if u got anything need to be mention
When did dad get back.
Post! "I'm a softie ;o;"
Shld I ask joshua?
I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes
Yo yeah I think alright eh. Total manpower got about  <#>  eh.
Why. U use headphone a lot?
Hey! so what should i do or give? I planning to buy sth today coz i wont have time to do anything...
At Unitarian churches you get lots of people from different religionswho just want a good community and chance to believe what they want,not really all that dumb I don't think... they're normal people whoagree with intellectual truths and happen to think "oh somethinggodlike is out there"
Tml possible? If not Thursday is fine. Kisses
Lets go for dinner
Call us when you are done. We are out already.
Post! HOW DID WE GET TO A DIFFERENT KINGDOM?!
Nope.. doing research, going to eat soon.u eaten?
Ummm <name>'s house is  <#>  <street> rd (I think) but maybe (if shecatches up -.-) you could ride with ruby or if we get Chris we cangrab you away =o
After??
Oh sorry I got mixed up. Wed then new year eve. So tue  <#>  is okay?
Haha oh no! Well that works because I'm still doing homework! But I                               can talk :)
im sorry.. didnt inform u earlier... ask ur mum to cook la. dun eat inst noodle la..
U won! Lols say mistaken
Ok
Haha I tried to process but you once said women are professional at 口是心非.
Very true. Which reminds me, have you read any John Green?
I tonight oso go home very late, if u dun mind
Tel abt dat article
Now 2 late 2 ask her. I duno leh, i v sleepy now. I scare only e 2 of us v bored, but already fix w ben liao.
Happy new years!
K :)had dinner?
Wa that is super fast... then wat u watching next lol... study forexam also cabbage study together mah lol... yuan Lai ru chi no wonderu wanna go lec lol...
Got it! Post! This is a poorly protected prince -.-
Welcome
Well, juz hoped you had a lovely day. Stay happy....  :)
Somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks
Yes.. now only saw your message..
I cced our version to everyone, go take a look.have to ask everyone to go own
Kiss u chou bblp. U so poor thing.
Just settle down after they come back from airport... Bought lot of things... One trolley there den 3 trolleys back...
ll b late too...
Hey is the video done? Need transfer to my com first?
Mine too lols!
Call me
Alright see you then.
Then how
You guys already there?
Nice!
??????????
Eh nuuuuuu but if I take circle line won't go pass raffle city sob sob sob
Lol you will get awakened by sms meh.
Lol then u where got free sia.Saturday nite or Sunday afternoon sibo?
Lecture theatre 'ea'. Come quietly inside now.
Whr ru
U still painting ur wall?
Yup.
I am at Jurong point.. Give me a call you when you make it there.. :)
Go take taxi la... Simple...
Aseem wants to postpone meeting to tomorrow 5pm. That OK with you guys?
Stay online
Haha liddat ur sectional teaching pon again! Lol... hmmm then tml urelease call me! I see wat craving u have first! Lol... eh must go tmlI got marketing de research at  <DECIMAL>  mah lol
If you want, I can get it set up from Walmart if you guys want to getit... I'm on the phone with Comcast btw
<#>
LOL to what!!!!
Ahha! Next Saturday around  <DECIMAL>  at bugis?
Eh ü neva buy some tops 4 me oso...
I agree
Later meet at ngee ann poly.
sorry i fell aslp early yesterday.. I'm not sure whose adaptor is it? is it from huiling?
Oh ho:)
LOL chey! Hahaha yea have! Next time got chance show you! It's like<#>  bucks for an ala carte item before plus plus :o
Haha always i'm always bored de! Esp since I can't get anything intomy head now..
Hi Abhisek, Dhanya,EB, Shweta - we meet at PGP back gate tomorrowmorning  <#>  sharp. please SMS everyone once you wake up.. if no SMSby  <#> , we ll all spam you with calls ;-) Seeya!
meet u at orchard mrt station control . 630. dont be late
Achanak se cl kyu kat diya?
happy birth day
Waa wat the shit. Ms lee say go back cus postponed till 3 still notconfirmed... emo
HI NEO!
Do u wana go lect together later?
U kena mob??
But still can join us later? XD
Eh. Take from where? Amk? How to go from yck?
Now he downgrade le... Go auntie there cut. Lol
s up leh?
Yeah eat loh
Sac on the way to  <#>
Pei daddy mummy
Whattttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Girl or boy? Walao eh, they playing our lives leh.
I'm writing my chord progressions for the keyboard test :'(
I go find u
Lol my friend knows how to book the places. He also booked the koreanbbq de lol.
t come today.
Didnt check but mi not studyin uni..mi gt a place in nanyang poly 4physiotherapy...so u happy wif dat choice?so u plan 2take chem izzit?
ek sec bhai laga raha hu
Haha sorry I was napping. Okay okay.
Yeah LOL. woohoo I'm stuck on the remix on my tumblr
Ohh okay!! (: hahaha hai!
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
;o). Joy, my hp no.016-787 3187
Ü still got lessons?  Ü in sch?
Mike's wondering if you have stuff to drink
salary may be  <#> +
Ohh no there are alot of random kids here I shall sit at the bus stopuntil you come:D
<DECIMAL> m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
Sorry, I'll call later
Work! Hahaha with my cca ppl! Ohh where do you wanna go!! (:
Thks!
K, thanks..gud nyt
Shuhui has agreed 2 watch infernal affairs wif us. How abt u?
Will be there between  <#>  am to  <#>  am
Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
U wil b cming wid ur frnds 2 gurgaon?
One more stop yishun
Please submit your reports on time
Ahaha seems like we still got a good friendship going on between us. Unrelenting means not giving in.. Feel down cus of what I asked or what?
Haha okay!! (: i am going to mug chem first!
Sorry, are you at home at the moment? Need to ask you something...
Go there n wait lor, what else?
Ok...
Can come fetch me liao.
Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
So gd got free ice cream... I oso wan...
I'm okay too.
U buy e present oredi?
Yeap. Ok
Am on the lowest level
Uhh wtf. Thats lame.
Lols going arp talk
Idr khula hua hai skype. Thora tym lagta hai sign in honay mai lagta hai
Oh shit... Accidentally reject. Lol!
Ok set let u noe e details later...
It's alright!! Omg she really asked bingjie!! To replace Chesterthough, is that okay? (: do you want to join us for dinner? But Idunno if my cluster mentor can pay though, we're eating fish n co! Ican treat you! (:
s a kb lesson tonight
Today is the camp??
Yo yo, I order a shirt for you okay?
How many doors are there?
老公早安!! i love love u! Hee.
hw was the paper?
MY ONLY SUNSHINE
I swimming at tampines. Okay I dun mind weds watch?
m quite a loner. So just pitched a tent to relax... did you do this before? :)
Haha... Okie...
Haha because it's a day event and $ <#>  is for the refreshments.
Reminder for payment
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
It's the "fiction turn real" part now
Nai
Both father n mother nv pick up fone leh.I try to call them frequently.let u know again when I can find them.the drawer all lock 1 dunno key hide where.
Later when u call me call my hand phone k...
Jan 2 only.
Can help cheat?
U met up with rose already?
Call me
Ya have alr. Difficult
Already settled. I sleep on floor
I see. Ok thks
Done le. But try soon. U not on?
Gn
Wake me up wen u start studyn
Namal would it be possible to transfer   ( <#> +  <#>  +  <#> )/2 today.. I think we have to pay before the end of this week.. :)
Send me your id and password
Coming cca?
Nice!
s bday today so we share n treat her to crepes k.
Waa imba. Guo ran shi soh jie
Hi Maurice. when is the fund raising taking place?
Idk. You keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And i'm tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.
Sale it & help me 2 take  <#>  and another less price set..
How you edited your photo in fbook on super folder in your profile.
I need your student id alphabet.
No
Ya
Where u
Ok thks. Later msg me
How was ur game? Why they scold?
Good night my pig!
K
Mum I'm not eating dinner tonight...
Haha so cool :P i'm doing the practice questions, but I think mightdo badly): when i'm nervous I forget everything!
Hey can help yuanwei print odac form?
Wat time u all wan?
Sorry... Cant make it...
Ohh whoa you stayed in the lab just to watch it? Good job.
Hey hey urgent. Must remember to ask Andy pass me the usb cable forcharging. I no batt alr.
I Wish you a very happy and prosperous new year  <#> . May my Lord, God of mercy bless, lead, protect, and guide u and ur family in  <#>  and forever as he did for Abraham, and his generation. Nishanthan.
Oh wah ok lol.
Yea shld b okay. What is it for
Wow so much arh... haha I shall wait for casino de Jeremy to openthen go suck money lol
Sure, that is fine.  Do u have an email address where I can forwardthe building info to?   Thanks
Hey amy n li juan, i've suggested to meet 8am before class tml in theemail. Just to inform u all.
Not sure leh..
Ok. Eh paiseh really just woke up. Dad driving me over
Oh ya... Haha, now muz book one wk b4 hand...
Oh ok found out y le... ur EzyGoEzy class declare sysData only dincreate the Data... I add a = new Data() can le
get soon well
I know since u calling her i dun msg her oredi. I new phone lar not used 2 it always type wrong thing.
Got food poisoning. Mayb go eat porridge lo
Wishing you a wonderful week.
She's following me!! She's going to the lavender ling thing so don'tgive her reason to stay lol
serious?
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh Noooooooooooo Dooooooooooon't
Leave me alone!
Hee! Kisses back!
Lol I want to have a gathering at ecp where I can get everyone tocome eh. Maybe you all can plan a bbq or something.
S
Wow that's amazing! did u sleep well?
Hari aravind
Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
Woah... So early...Noe all of u watch liao, so i plan to watch alone lor...
Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ll be helping her out on some of the days. hope to see you all there.
is this module difficult ?
ok
By the way friday is holiday, so do u want to push sat tuition tofriday? I'm free before  <#> pm.
Hi, i replace it with new woundplast.. I brought some from home.. Thanx for caring dear.. I think i have to wake up all the nite to complete the assignmnt :( .. Good luck with ur asignmnt too.. Gud nit
U can take ur time, he's talking cock.
Hi.
What year. And how many miles.
With them. They might go later. Cus now disco.
very cold then gd, nice to sleep. can  hide under blanket. hee
REWARDS  <#>
Hmm. Baobei at which part of the place?
Kam he
*down to announcement
Haha yea we taking the long way around the ns line hahaha what!!! Iwon't show with my bro around LOL. Yeap we are going black and pink!Hahaha nope he didn't get anything LOL. I got a pork ball shirt!!!!Very cute!!!
Fine
LOL okay okay but he's not real! Haha sian ~~ I think I got aheadache again): haha after exams you won't sms me much coz you gotchalet right, then I sleep during that time lor! Haha what! Why will Iwant to be punched:P
No have ~~ wow what the! Crazy!
Datz wot i said.. Here uncl z der wid me.. U may hav 2 wait a lot 4 ma cal... So i suggest u 2 sleep early..
Ok Mr lee
Ya dinner.
Whhhhaaaaatttttttty
u go where walk?
Hi baby! How are you?
How are you? Any sound from hsbc? Hows bump in coming along? I lltransfer amount ASAP.
Yosh u going fabian's house soon?? I meet u  <#> mins later at urhouse downstairs??
Alright love xP
Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
Haha plus my coach and his ex student! No la, managed to score, thisis the new batch of nat team girls so not super pro yet! Hahaha reallymeh!! Guys not nice?? My coach is damn nice de! Haha i'm slacking athome, gonna eat shilin and tomyum noodles!!!!! (: (: (: hahaha ooothem why he buy for you!
For pdf you can. Power point must write out...
Nah, it was too soon, but they said getting in wouldn't be an issueas long as I didn't want alcohol
Haha okay have you reached home? haha alrights! Make sure you getenough rest! Haha nope it's group work, we haven't finish it though!Haha:P
I asked 1st! Eh I may b kayaking le ^^
Are you meeting me today?
Dunno. Cannot book in adv. So we have to come back then book the test.
take CS3235 next sem?
Great, thanks!   Please keep both me and Alicia updated as to thework scheduled, so we won't need to chase you for it.  :-)  thanks!
LOL why?
Haha aww. Maybe he boarded the early bus Xd
The Law was carved in letters on stone tablets, and GOD's GLORY appeared when it was given. Even though the brightness on Moses' face was fading, it was so strong that the people of Israel could not keep their eyes fixed on him. If the Law, which brings death when it is in force, came with such glory, how much greater is the glory that belongs to the activity of the SPIRIT ! The system which brings condemnation was glorious: How much more glorious is the activity which brings SALVATION ! 2Corinth3: <#>  Praise the Lord! Hav a blessed and happy day IN CHRIST dear brothers and sisters :-):-)
Happy birthday doood
Greg also
Nai akele th0di na jaunga
Aww okay bah. Im sorry for today :-(
Lol actually got  <#>  leh
Yes
Meeting is cancelled.
U want to say we lost thimbdrive? I feel so Sian haiz
Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
Hi, hw r u? Wht is the deadlin for econ assignmnt?
Hahaha ya ya you ask around le tmr let me know total okay
Nite nite dear dear!!
Sry for the caps.the phone auto change de. Plus I just woke upagitation blur.:p. So where shld I meet u?
LOL nice
thanx
Lame
U free tml night?
No I bye bye!
I dunno le jus sleep?
Kk
Anything lor up 2 u... Dun buy anything too expensive...
Uuuuu. Reach le la
Hahhaha your iphone jailbreak alr?
U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
The sky is so clear tonight! I can see Jupiter and so many constellations :)
I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
Ya lo I just realise it is  <#> % lo omg... lol u hope is slowlyshift to the middle of the week lo lol... Wahahahah so tummy? Tummybig big!
Okay.. Haha..
Visual cert exam suite software.
Hi Andreu, r u at dinner?
ll be staying back late in school today. If yes, i would like to meet up with you.. -- weiling
Lta eday buy  <#>
Ok
Yes very near
Nope! His aunt dropped him off!
Okay! Just to confirm, O level physics and chemistry correct?
Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left <#> just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
Haha when?
ab jaag raha ho
Plz do ask whethr u ppl hv 2 leave ur rooms n dis vacation r nt.nd let me knw.am havng sm serious probs here.
We at the cinema there.
Eat e bak gua bun in e fridge...
Haha aww! You guys are always grooming eachother
Aiyo I may be b playing le. Later whole team gone
Really meh strange é no. I hav is 94 something 1 k la nvm hows life?
OK.. transferred :-)
War's the Qn?u. Bring tmr lor.. can ask Eileen also
Eh I was there long ago lol. Bus fast ma. Ciao
Hey, later if u got go office, do rmb to help me print resume okay. Thanks.
Book le at jurong point 8 pm
Ah? Home?
Whyyy?
You don buy ticket?
Today too?! Until what time?
U nvr buy cheesecake...
3 te. That's y I not sure of the other 1. Art gem can take the statsone,  <#>  or something.
I bet its his real voice
I can come meh... Y got free one? Fri me going 2 sch lei...
Jio ppl to cinema! Hahas it looks nice rite!
Hehe...Ya ok
how to get to yr chalet from orchard ?
Yoooo.. I forgot to ask, are you coming over?
U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
Wat?!??! Y suddenly is my fault??? Sob sob sob... enuff lah so skinnyhaha... mee sua! Nomnomnom
Yeah haha, rmb bring it on Monday ah!
It was sick! I just got out of the shower.
Woo! Glad to hear =)
Okay thanks! (:
So early? What did u do all day?
Waa strong shit! I cant wait for exams over siaz
0k jaan
At kranji dear. :*:*
Aww okay bah. Haha
Haha hopefully! Oh but the thing no colour what! Haha okay! I'm boredhaha I hope liwei doesn't want to see me for too long
Yup... I got home around 6 . Ok got to go for tuition... You decide already then msg k
LOL OKAY HAHA THAT ACTL SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING THAT I MIGHT DO HAHA
Cl u aftr  <DECIMAL> . In meeting nw.
So is the study fun lol
Boss. Sry I'll be late. Reach abt  <DECIMAL> .paiseh..
My dear, i m going to your lt ah... Are u sitting with ur friends?
Hahaha im sorry I didnt get to read your blog lol. I thought yourfever is caused by boredom.
Sorry a bit late
Furthermore, 1 2 1 talk hv efective converstn, right? N know wht we pay double chat using network chat. How bout it?
Wah e paper very diff, one qns 25 marks give to him. Now going for dinner liao.
Reach Singapore 2:45pm
Lta eday buy  <#>
Friend i shall go to your house some days later because my exam is running.
hi sorry! Can you contact tenghiang?
Haha. No problem. U done le email me lor.:-)  I tmr go school thenprint. So u got till tmr afternoon to chiong. I shld be looking forher between 2 to 4pm
sian lor
Right after this at  <#> th got survivorman :D
Serious go say if I m not wrong u must be the daughter of my fren dad
Lol I didnt ask you to order it today what. Please please please getfrom me the shirt design and number of teeshirts to order by tmr.
Bluff me say u sleeping..
I belong to that category? Haha probably. People like you on earthmakes others feel uninterested. HAHAHAHA
Orh okay!! (:
Long time no text :( miss u
hi esther here , 17yrs old , frm iph ! Where r u frm ? Can u pls sms at 016 5419814
tube light...
How wan 2 c today or another day? Lido got 4, 4.15, 5 then cine got 4.15
Rain, watz is ur mobile number then?
This wed where? Time? I confirm later
Lol okay. I just finished my exams. You all meet what time?
Hey ü watching movie alone? At orchard?
Eh eh go drinking bo jio. Tsk tsk. Haha okay bah.
Haha yeah  <#>  min nap! It was intense and felt damn good!
Wat the! Rihanna sux. Eh search who for muay Thai
ok.. then 2pm on sunday?
haha.. ok..
We at the tech service there.other place like not much power plug.lol.
Pyar se pyar ko basaya jata hePyar se pyar ko hasaya jata hePyar to wo dawa he,mere dost jis se kanch ko bhi kohinoor banaya jata he
Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
"The only person I really wanted to talk to about Augustus Waters'sdeath was Augustus Waters." This one hit me hard
Can I borrow ur table tennes net?
D: now so late alr i wait until after  <#> h lah
It's so late =o
Oh sorry i dnt knw.i thaught i am angry
Hahahaha okay bah. You meet zj then come over :-D
Ps swimming. Erm get back to u in awhile
NO I AM NOT GOING TO EAT THEM LOL THAT'S JUST WEIRD!!! Haha I canwatch from my chinese class! My year 4 classroom can watch netballheehee :P I have no idea where that is! Haha yea suay): haha yeah Igot two! Hahaha its alright, difficult for me to reply also :x
Alright! Take care yeah!
Haha i never sign up eh.
<EMAIL>
Haha and I only have a pair of shoes too!
Where r u
Darling, apparently roslyn told nanao ppl about the voice thing o.o
K
Sup?
How? Izzit still raining?
Haha ohh ps! Sorry!! Haha I also forgot but I bought le:P
Sure got one la. In between jus train
Just playing some peeyano
You got it. Corruption is the cancer and Hindutva is the cure.
Waaa with no one spotting? Is it easy
Ok..  <DECIMAL>  ba. Meet where?
Hey...u goin 2 sch 2day?
I m watch king tut. Lols tts wad mean by bass! BTW Berton ran  <#> sfor his  <#>  relay
Yep!
Nop I dun paint lols
Dar dar laogong. , call u when I reach home. On  <#>  le.da dingding love u!!
Its  <#> k here oh. Should i send home for sale.
ok
Maybe.  <#>  min
Ah good. Dont want anything else to change hor.
Haha okay (: no la they are totally fine, they won't really come talkto me if i'm at home anyway!
Hey check ur email, I jus sent the distribution of slides. Thks!
t be too flowery 4 him to understan.Blood boil...Go bathe 1st.
I decided to pon my lec and go home nap a while! Haha... my psychotest just now is about memorizing Korean word lo omg ur forte
<EMAIL>  confirm my friend check le
I cannot...got rehearsal....if u still got even no of ppl.....u guyscan go first lor...
hee. yes dear. nw gg her hse coz she forgot to bring her ic..
Morning school closed
Eh ur hall food halal?
Kindly send some one to our flat before  <DECIMAL>  today.
Icic.. haha. Nvm bah. U all enjoy yourselves! See in on Friday :-)
I returned back
Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
Hahahaha,yeah pathans examinrs were such fuckers. These r sendups.
Haha sorry! Actl I was alr v sian at the start liao haha
Lol the wedding show lo still got 2 episode to go!
Haha I think it was okay, hope I pass bah!
:) jus dun wanna take up ur studyin time ma..Ü anyway,i goin to slp le. goin sch early tml. U dun stay up til too late hoh. Good nite dear.. *mucks*hugs*kisses*
U r right
Ohh dear, herngyi says he will be late
Post!
Ahh how, take medicine? ._. no!!!!!!!! That's not a nice word btw!
so sian, anywhere oso cannot go... actualy i dun really care bout it.. u dun save money like tat la.. if not let me pay next time.Ü
roeger hasnt watched any sesame on tv yet  but he loves big  bird and elmo  books.
Ahoy.:S
Haha damn nuah lor... first computing sports camp sia!
What do you feel like doing?
Hey Lizzie, will pray for you when i wake up tomorrow... May you find strength in the Lord to handle your test... *yawn* Going to bed now... Good n??ght! :-j
Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
otw?
Ok okie.. Confirm again tmr i guess.. Cya!
Where r u?
He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
Lol i at clementi mrt eh.
When u going down, I forget the dates le.
Thank you mr tang. I have received the email and the money already.My group leaders will contact your students 1 week before the camp togive them more info. :)
Ok sweett. I love u too
Ok
Are you flying into Detroit?
Ok...
Hmmm.me too
ma, i cant go vietnam this month. i got a lot of things to take care of here.
<URL>Haha ps I cannot type out the jap name so cannot find the original!This one is Spanish subs I think! Haha okay I will!
No problem. Just let me know when you leave PGP
Okie later I booking if need I sms u
It's alright, we'll keep you updated k!
Transit center... I'm sure I can find it
Alright!
pease wait for me
Sir send to group mail check it.
Mr lee I an not free on both day b4 1...
Haha I am slacking somewhere near sch though. I can meet you at yourhouse if you want.
Luv u too baby
Homework lol, sup?
Yeap i'm back liao!
R ü coming later? Wan me to chop place for ü?
Hehe me at my mum plc playing with her comp. Might be leaving soon ... Anyway i still havent figure out how to on the webcam on msn live lei.
Praise the Lord ! It is good to sing praise to our GOD. It is pleasant and right to praise him. The Lord is restoring Jerusalem : He is bringing back the exiles. He heals the broken hearted and bandages their wounds. His pleasure is not in strong horses, nor his delight in brave soldiers : but he takes pleasure in those who HONOUR him and in those who TRUST in his constant love. Psalm <#> : <#> , <#> , <#>  Have a blessed day IN CHRIST :-)
Wish u n ur family a prosperous new year, good health and also may e monkey yr bring us good romance...
What is India? "A Nation whr Pizza reachs home Faster thn Ambulance & Police. "Where you get Car Loan @ 8% but Education Loan @  <#> %. "Where Rice is Rs. <#>  but Sim card is free.. "Where people worship Goddess Durga but want to kill their girl child... "where Olympic shooter wins gold, govt gives 3crore, Another shooter dies fighting with terrorist govt pays 1 lakh. Really *Incredible India* Itna forward karo ki pura"INDIA" padhe.
Next generation LKG poem..:-D Drinking Drinkng little BEER..%-) How i wonder what a BAR.. Quarter rates r up so HIGH.. Drink a peg with chicken Fry.. Gud eve:)
Aiyah shuhui also like t. Or go ask shuhui lah. Mayb she no date.
Fvbbbbbb at xx
I thought u say he mugging there?
Ok. Thanks. :-)
LOL oops heehee! Yeah super random! Hahaha ok sleep well on the busxD hahaha ohh should have dropped by water cooler! I want to walkaround with lantern too ): hahaha did the person reply LOL! Haha pslate reply! Abbie lum calling me hahaha
we got the best weapon
Oi tui kobe ashbi
Good Morning. Yes it is the same hall I think. Did u get the 2level branch prdctn? I am readng the paper.
No prob
Hi Andreu, in balangoda? Text at b'wela.
Ok.
I am planning to go to bandarawela. Pls give me the contact details of the AC bus service. GBU. Roshal.
Hahaha my parents love the ukelele:P keep asking me to play hey soulsister LOL!
m going 2 orchard now already me reaching soon. U reaching?
Haha my friends chatting here, I shall just chat awhile!
I, however, have defeated the sleep demons and am on my merry way toschool! B-)
Was  <#>  right?  We do /4 so that's 5 bucks.. thanks!
4am
Oh wow:o I'll be just nice coz I was lame, go take circle line LOL.hahaha you ponner!!!
Very hard to c wat... Not a lot cut short hair one leh...
Sorry dude.. was caught up with stuff.. :p thanks for Dal yesterdayBTW. Was great! :)
you want to go jo house later? after eleven?
Lol simi lai de.
Haiz I dun tink can make it
U bathe liao? Sorry now den see ur msg.
Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
Haha i'm also doing hw lor damn sian. Hahaha dun want no one walk with me!
From that view, hanging Afzal makes perfect sense... And alienates a vast section of the country.
Yeah that'd pretty much be the best case scenario
The place i want to intro only operates for wkdays dinner. Haha. Wejust have a short meet up for dinner lah. How abt that?
Wake up le mah~~~
Okay will do. Small fries only? Enough meh?
Im on the way back also. Eat what?
I cant speak.
<#> , RAKHESH KUPPAYATH RADHAKRISHNAN
Mo
curiousity kills the cat
Timothy likes Debra
<#>
I was busy preparing for the coming audit check on our accounts. Yesterday on duty, din go out entire wk, so now im hanging out alone at novena.  :)
Okay loh. Then nvm. Thanks. Haha.
aiyo. gt take medicine?
Interval
So what r we doing for dads bday? Should we just take food to his house?
Pota: dada ji ye CONDOM kya hota hai Dada ji: Chal bhag yaha se mujhe nhi pta.. Pota: Bhosdi k agar pta hota to 1 jaaidaad k 8 hisse na hote...
Zhu
OK sure.. no stress
Heee. Love u big big also!!!! I want many hugs later!
let mi know e amt n when u tx.. thanx
yeah... yeah...
You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  <#>  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
Can send me carol's number please
Awesome! Friend, time to quit mc. You need the weekend to rest. Andall the best for your trip! :-D
Did u get the ip sheet today
Expect mre frm urself thn frm othrs coz expectation frm othrs hurts a lot while expectation frm urself inspires a lot.gn - via WAY2SMS.COM
Yup,i broke e duck to get A- but also get D+, haiz..
Dats a gud news
Dont know leh. You wanna ask around see who free? Like lynette fab eve jm?
No wor. Going jp.. daddy fetching u rite
Hi thanks. I have double checked the part number, it is alright. Itwas my typo mistake initially. We may collect it this thursday.
Ahh darn I'm not free tmr...
Wahahaha. Is like that one. Aiya once he meets other girls again,he'll forget u one. Btw, did siti inform u that the pay cheque isready?
Hi Sheryl do you two want to start the sunday tuition tomorrow, ornext week sunday? Can we set it at 2pm?
Hi ben, Alvin (1 gds) here. Is it possible to arrange a dentalappointment with you for my mum?
mast ha
Beautiful truth : Expression of the face could Be seen by everyone... But the depression of heart Could be understood only By the Loved ones.. Gud Ni8;-)
???
Ami jani tui ghumas ni. Phone na utha na re plz.
Wahhs really? My dad will keep bugging until I sleep, then he willscold me the next day!
Guitar haha..sup?
Thanks tazz
Laogong! Laopo 到家了！i love u!! hee.
Wa so sweet arh haha.... I anything one lah u wanna meet them also can lol...
Illa de forgot jelastin assign....so came back
Is ours good? Out of how mch.  <#>   <#>   <#>
Haha ok we at lvl2.
Hope not, especially after your behavior with the umbrella
Oh okay! We just got and are headed back. I'll text you then
Jurong or clementi ur choice
I love you dearly too... Your darling. Kiss.
Oh...Ok.Gud!thank goodness u forgot.is everything ok?Or now e point system drop liao?
I have received it. thanks!
Ok ok.. now doing some reading for tutorial.. U?
Lols not yet why
let me manage this
<DECIMAL>  lik tt. U wan come sleep ar
The thing 8pm rite? We haven't finish yet..
I dont understand your message.
Oh. When do I need to let you know?
s what my bro replied. Haha i think your fren will be disappointed
Wat
Ok. Thanks.  I have sent the documents to your yahoo.com.sg account.Hope you can read it. :-)
Yeap yeap going.lol.
Halo ppl ...
Lol may go out leh.
What's up bruv'
yupyup
Haha khr fairytale havent.
s ur dental appt?
F'get the matter. Aj coaching kyo nai gayi?
Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
Haha omg your phone trolled youz
Forgot ur wallet
ll meet u 4 drivin lor..
I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
remember to bring the bikini tmr
I don't know =/ call him/email?
Lol nooooo. But I dont care. It's over. Muahahaha
Hi, you back or not?
Helloww, I was in office.. that's why I didn't attend the call.
Lol then hmm eh Saturday or sunday?
Haha too bad!! I dunno ah, not v nice to make you come all the way here!
Hey, i go back from sch now. U roughly gauge e timing okay?
Nvm. We wait for u. Come safe ok le.
You reaching soon?
Gudi kya h0ti he bru
sddddf dfd
Hahaha I just got bugged out of bed by my mum to check my messages.
Bye bye^^ I was playing with my neighbour's dog! Yeap okay! I dunthink I will sit with them, my name is y leh!
i miss you
Hmmm... Din c e aluminium one... Mayb lor...
Hi did u see the copy I sent?  I still editing the five forces butthe pest is more or less done, except the economic threats. Reallycan't think of any
I outside haven check yet!
Nvm problem settled already.
Its all over
I am in church..
keke, i will do my best,hehe just sold one
No prob
Haha okay (: oh no if tired go sleep!! Yeah I think hard not to beunproductive if got alot if ppl haha, need to plan v well then can.Haha Kenneth lent me his mouse haha! Go sleep go sleep (: now rainingso bbq stopped haha
Miss miiss u. Big poke
I'm now at ming kang's house watching a movie, did father drive there? I was hoping for a ride
Wow omg super random!! go hug him hahaha!
Eh.. mine still in process. Dunno when can know. What time you allgoing? And btw who going ?
no i am not.
Ohh ok! Np (: chinese exam on  <#> st!
Pls send me the correct name da.
Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload
If you haven't caught up, we should all hang our when you're done andfinish! ^^
Wow can bring to arp to do I guess. Dun worry man jus have fun these few days
Janta me b nai bhai?
Is it the last price?
Poda wat is personal btwn u n me
k k anything
Aft effects of  <#> kg bench press...
In hostel already.
Haven eat just now, but now eat already. U wanna go popular whattime? If 5+ maybe I'll go.
Hey you still in library?
K.k.nice..
Nanxiang, nando's and the society cafe. Haha.
TV UNSUB
hee. me too. juz reached home. enjoy ur meal dear. take a gd rest! hee
I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
Haha while you are thinking, I go home take scrabble and settletoilet business. Haha
Hi. We are going to play pool. May not be home so soon.
yar sir khe rahe hain ke 2 extra makeup leni ha jis se tum allow ho jao ge
Tai. At yew tee le. Hee.
Awesome! What route are you guys taking?
And popping <#> ibuprofens was no help.
I lost  <DECIMAL>  kg!!!! (:
Got... Jus wanna re confirm only.... Anyway i tink i will be a bit late k.... Sorry....
Haha ok ok ah I think but still won't do very well bah! Not sure leh!I felt like I could answer but then dunno if I missed anything outhaha:/ going to bathe now!
U wouldn't want to eat ishimura now right?
Ok
ll go look look, cos i dun wan ball pump oredi, not strong... Okie, nitez...
Sry battery low. Will call with fren phone 2moro
m wearing shorts...
Ya la... Not v weird la... Funky...
Not sure. It's at yishun safra. Will go back sch 1st
no i don't have them
Damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance
Tink of food make me hungry le lol... wahahaha the short part is sorandom... mix blood mah haha I dating foreigner sia! Lol but the lastpart must be driving ur sis mad lol
;}
Hahaha of course! Hahaha what's half a month away? I dunno! How aboutlet's have a Christmas gift exchange at timo's house! Hahaha oh!!!Okay lah hehehe:P
Omg that's great... you really don't get non anonymous people doingthis that often =P
Haha yeah why not! Hahaha you so illegal! What music??
Haha. Luv luv u!!
Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
K:D hahaha later play minecraft!
:D had breakfast?
Double click n will b done. Can ü view other modules test paper?
Wish you and your family a Happy & prosperous New year.This new year will bring all your hopes true. This year gng2 b unfogtble year. Best of luck.tc.
Haha opps just woke up u reach le?
Kaun sa net :)?
quite ok.. b- b- b+ a- a . lol. legal got b-,.. u?
Dont know eh. She said she will contact you right.
Hmmm okay... Thanks... Put a pen!
Waa emo. Where u now
Ok! baobei going where? I eat finish le
Fri not free rah lol... u can try asking the others lol... I presumeu tml not joining us ?
Lol im not sure mah.
<#> ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
Mr lee I would like to try digitally painting my a3 work. Can uplease help me scan my a3 size work? Thks a lot
Dunno leh maybe only jiayi and Weitieng
Bus mili?
Yup thank you very much!
Haha oops I didn't hear the alarm coz my bed covered it! Going fortraining soon? (: morning!
Stop it okay florency lian chun min! Wahahaha.
Noob ar! Lols my parents want go great sg sales...
Oh sheeit where is that?
hai...glad to meet u
Too many things... woohoo! Don't lie to yourself liao!
How u noe we diff lunch.. Mayb we same time.. Isnt it hard to find a job that will allow u to work for only 1 or 2 mths??
K
Yup!
s present? Time and venue to be confirmed later
Nothing help my friend ask ask. So far no problem?
Yeah she was. K thanks.
I see. No problem
Anything lor if they all go then i go lor...
Of course! Lol it may be your 终身幸福 leh. XD
Nop. It's the loop hole in the game
I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
s too ex for me already. So changed to a normal car. :)
Yeah I guess so. Wanna chiong see how is it.
Fell out with the rest a while back. Slowly getting it resolved though. Chat on irc?
Opps... Sorry... Comin comin...
K... Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
Yes
Oh ya I 4got u bday in may not march! Pinky brother noes best
Hee. Dear must be enjoying ur lunch now.. eat more ok. I wan tosqueeze u tight tight later!!!! I ate le.hee.:-*
Oh. Icic. Haha. Don't feel sad lah, even if she doesn't appreciate,we appreciate! Haha. Btw, u very sotong loh. Actually gw told meyammy's bday is on  <#> th, i said no, chunmin said it's  <#> th. Thenit turn out to be really  <#> th. Haha. Omg then u become my sis inlaw ar? Haha. Which sis? Married one cannot intro leh. Haha. Lame lehu. I just kidding lah. U guess i which year loh.. Haha.
Sobsobsob.. then u buying the Esprit one arh lol... y leh lol.... ooothat is good next time can buy a small packet eat lol
Haiz .. sianz.. but 4 pple do will be better than 2 pple not?
Appearance-ist? Wow okay. I think I thursday then do.
Nope not that early.
Im here already.
Haha yeah I know I told Hehao that haha:P ohh wells dun change then!Hahaha okay la hmm wondering if its the water resistant one! Hahacool! His bro is small and cute!
Ya...
Nothing dear
Haahahaha can la. I think I will be in the general office.
Haha not enuff then eat later lo... wa phuket book le lo how can dungo! And Japan so far from phuket can lah and still got 5 mth lo
Ok lor no choice.
Lol thx.
Lol. Go join them hahaha. Nm module?
Hey,How are you doing?
Want to meet on tuesday with edlyn. Ok. 12pm cine leisure
Ok!! Nt yt hl mama cooking
np.. see you on sunday then..
Can give me e url from e physics tut?
Send ur cv to below email ids: <EMAIL> <EMAIL>
s 20% storewide now...
I'm out of my dorm
Okay.
Izzit ?
6 jan  <TIME>  am .. Matlb aaj hi hai? Q k  <#>  bje new date shuru ho jati ha
Sems 2 de... the one wif answer sheet lol... I din do those withoutanswer sheet
Yeah, I'll leave in a couple minutes & let you know when I get to mu
Have u been to hershey?
Are you doing anything tomorrow?
bolta ho
In Exam centre
But cut hair go where n but... U got a place? My sis cum bk today i can take photo liao... Hee...
m e first one to reach.. Hee near e ticketing booth k
how are you
Where we meeting?
Mccullam now:)
Ohh shucks it's going to be over soon!! Jyjy!!!
I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
Y ü wan to go there? C doctor?
Coming home on bus back yishun interchange with hl
Yah loh, dun tempt me. At least not till i shed a few pounds. Gaining weight is a silly trend in my company. Till now i have yet to see anyone break the trend.
Manual or auto?
Hmmm... Oso ok lor...
later on wanna catch a movie?
Go where, I dont know if im going home and sleep.
Eh dunno around 6?
The longer u drag the more time u waste.
After tomorrow morning the rest of this week will be unbelievably relaxing!
tell my regards to your family.
Maybe! Hahaha no no just a curious question, not that I do! Hahahayeap! Ooo that would be interesting!! But you got so boliao ah:P
Sorry I just saw this msg.. Meeting cancelled, I'll see when I can schedule again..
ll go dig em out... When do u nd em?
Ah alright alright. You used to stalk people. :D
Hee. Sayang u more tmr!! Dear DUn slp too late today!
Could you bring zhong's laptop tonight.. Zhong is resting is it? I msged him he didn't reply.. I can't go today.. I think not enough rest last night.. Not feeling too well today..
Pon hse meeting
I thk sun fire... I online but i could not dial in to da school one...
oki i give up.
Great!  You ll be back only at night?
Oh my glosh. So beautyous.
Tell me something. Thats okay.
Oh okay.
Thanks! Haha.
When u wana see it then
Yup sure dear
Jason said  <#> am.
Waa xiong. Lucky nvr pon
Yeah
Oh my the breeze really left!!! sian):
The jigsaw shop?
Yeah.
Can you send an email about imagine cup as discussed?
Hey! Just letting you know I just got to cabrillo for a jazz concert,and I'll be home a little later
no?
ll b slightly late... Still on e bus...
Got ze coat
Hill and washtenaw
See, Vijay Sandeep guru me are interested.. so I guess can do only 1more unless one of the others back out. So how?
Ya well.. nichu chellam is kinda hard to say.. my grandmom calls meprasann though - short for Prasannaventakesan.. my more orthodoxname..
Ok nw final. 5th jan at  <TIME>  GMT. Vanue Emirates Stadium,London
Hey, are u still in school? Wanna go lunch with me n wei yi?
Haha pon sia! So bad! Haha okay! Have fun! I just came back sch!
From?
Where are you?
U wait for me outside e taxi stand k.
Thks andrw. RoZi *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
:-)B-);-) Happy birthday chikku :-*;-)B-)
Send ah
Tmr 1 pm.. Why leh, u coming to school ah? So u have ur haircut?
Yep
Hey Marc, I ll be there in 5. Could we meet in Starbucks?
Thanks!
Eh u free 2day?
Omnigraffle for mac?
Ahh not today... at camp lol
.... I tot s5 ep2 sia
Haha I thought you fell asleep or something! Yeah haha it's stupidhaha! Omg! I better stay away from you le, tmr shall be our lastmeeting then I avoid you at all costs!!! Haha dunno, maybe she nochoice coz youngest? I dunno ah! I want to hear!:P
I really love you
Jb ayegi to milk bhi sth me lete ana.
Mughe jawab nai dene wali.
Lol vivo (y)
Its alright, how do u know that i'm at orientation anyway =s will get to it as soon as i'm back
Teachr: ne periyavanaki enna panna pora? Boy: kalyanam. Teach: adu illa. Ne ennava aaga virumbura? Boy: husband Tea: no. I mean unaku valkaiyal enna kadaikanum nu edir pakura? Boy: wife Tea: oh no. Unga parents ku enna panna pora? Boy: marumagal theduven Tea: stupid, unga appa unkitta enna edir parkiranga? Boy: pera kulandai Tea: aiyo kadavule un valkai latchiyam enna? Boy:"NAAM IRUVAR NAMAKU IRUVAR".... Students rocks ... Good ni8.
I am waiting for your reply
pl make a call when you reached home
I dunno how go. So we erring at  <DECIMAL>  at lavender mrt
HOHO merry Christmas!
Eh ask u arh u dun have watapps?
Lol yeah so you can give away some as presents. :D
Tj <#> kay
PIG!!!! We're waiting at the mrt gantry for you!!! Come find us ~~
Haha okay thanks!(:
How about one piece? Btw do you like mugs? Like those beer mugs!
yar free ho? ek chota sa kam ha
Haha I just got your msg): was wondering if you fell asleep haha! Ooohaha why is your world small? haha yeaps! I just reached home, butneed to go downstairs buy eggs!
After BP got go anywhere?
are you woking
Haha really meh!? Then you tell me what's mine la! Put your handsaround it so long le sure can tell right:P haha what time you wannameet? Completely up to you! (:
Oo OK. Will help u check. U wan buy ar? Is it cheaper?
I said u 2 tel 5 questions. Not big ful chapters.
Yo can you get one of those long lighters by chance? Our pilot light is out
I am bunkin d lab
Lol din try to map.I heard its harder at smu.
I thought we went there the other time? Quite close right? Think In Time appeals to me more. How bout you?
Night night baobei. Ct wait to see tml. Muuuacks
Hey st and df, u all do the intro, conclusion and exe summary. Andalso prepare questions for other grp if need to. We'll do thepresentation.
s going... I dun wan b light bulb... Hee...
Yo d! My friends wanna go lkp this sat, what time does the Indianstall sell prata?
Okay lah. Tml i meet u at  <DECIMAL> am like that.
Gee... I have to stuff my clothes oso... K la, cya tmr... So excited...
G.W.R
Depends, until I finish my stuff.
Cool
Ya i can't see it. I think cause i'm not in the group thing
Ehh cancel the kings part I dunno how that got there o.o
Yup. Me too haha.
Nice. So physics?
Yew tee lo
I reach amk mrt. Meet u at first cabin.
Oh ya. Sry fuck u buddy
m alone.
And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
Termin <#>
Lols nvm. 2moro going?
Haha.. got this kind of logic one ar.  So the time and place settledthen u let us know lot;)
R u in choir practice?
Haha really? So lax?? LOL so cute! I think a few angmohs did thatbeside me when I went to watch puss in boots!
Yep. When would you like to deal?
s a swatch watch...
Hey this week got wat hmwk
(It wasn't me)
Lol dont know how to explain to you. Wait till I get it then tell you hahahaha
Good morning. Was asleep when you sms. You must be tired having slept so late... I am good. Missing you a lot.. Good day! Love and kisses.
Y shud i if u dnt hav much intrst...?
Eh might want to grab a table first it looks pretty crowded over here
Hiya... U skip e nxt half la.... Wat time e centre closes?
s aft jun?From where?
Ok ill tell the company
Den take nxt time! When nid hand in?
U mean abt u & ann..
Ok
s 20th muz reply online rite...
ok,. u receiving salary ah
Xplain
Art
Soon
Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Sugar plum ? Loverboy ? I miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* Did you go to the gym too ?
At anjappar q
up 2 u loh...u wanna play in sch also can...i can book court 4 us...
Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
Yaadoon Se Ishq Nahi Hotaa Ishq Hotaa Hain Dildaaron Se Wo Dildaar Hi Kyaa Jo Ishq Kare Hazaaron Se gm hasu.. Tc n keep smilng
Wah cannot. Lol must find.
1) A8G4. 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) only satbetween 8am-5pm.
Hahaha no but it's coming... you up le?
THERE IS NONE HERE.
Creepy meh? It's just the sudden biting that Damon does. Back home yet?
Haha. I only use the twitter widget on mine... concert hasn't started yet :)
I cnt as i'm handlng sh0p nw..
Lets not do stuff.
OMG desmond was from ny hahahahaha
nai
Late.  <#> plus
K
You'll never know
Hee. Okie!! Can't wait to see you..Dear come safely into my arms k.
U should worry for yourself she is that selfish
Okie.. baobei coming out soon?
i think i go find u.. Maybe go out or wat if dun have..but i just go.. Wait 4 me ah.. Lol
Hey later collect frm dryer
good night to one and all of my friends have a sweet dreams take care
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.wishing u all d best 4 2morow...gn tc - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
HAHA NO REASON! THANKS!
He quite clever can guess him? Next meeting if they say abt me u must defend me hor...
day, y else?
kay
Omg wow:o is he still attending the camp? does the other kid's parents know?
hi guys, shall we meet in PGP @ 9?
s not back yet, we might have to go ourselves, paiseh...
Dear,hope u have sent a reminder mail to dileep on helping us.good day ahead
Wilson is okay with tues.
Dillon <#>
Ok can
Ipt and interview ftw.
Y u nvr on ur fone one...
As in end of high sch! Haha!
Caw! I'll find your colour!
Just after you smsed me.
Aight fuck it, I'll get it later
Paiseh, so u going?
hellow ify, hope u re doing fine. hw s baby. hw is ur mum , hope u re hearing from her.
Haha what the I just saw your other sms! Haha yeah dunno what they doing!
Hand still not mch feeling!
Yo yo are you still outside?
Okay! Noted. Haha.
final mamu sir wahan ha
Ignoring me, eh ?
My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar
I told her I need the book already. Tmr meeting her to get it.
Love ya dad
Ya sorry got down at wrong bus stop. 2 mins
Just a random curious question =D do u?
Yes, for the example. Can you send your up to date version via email?
Yeap yeap. <#> rite.
Ok ok
Aishwarya
Wat u all doing
There're some people by mu, I'm at the table by lambda
Lols chalet lik borlin. Go play volleyball or smthing?
P 5 actionsartP4 person hierarchy
Sooweeeet
Yeap you are!
Lols okay. Later I Dun wan train too hard!
Lol thats what I thought.
Hah I want kopi.
Okie
Weeeeeee!
U gg trainin today?
Erm..Friday free ma..Want to meet for dinner ma..Hehe...
Okay thanks.
Can u find another player??
Fwd: Ahah by the way u can come and collect ur shirt on Monday before9!:)ill be at odac room!pass this down too^^$ <#>  BTW~
Why don't we just get strings for Mike's? -.-
Hey hey we meeting tmr  <#> pm at kismis(np blk  <#> ). Please bethere for loft registration.
We got him
Heee so.clever, reaching yishun le deeeearie
Sorry this morning I had test in sch so I din saw message, just sawur message. Paiseh.
U wana postpone to nxt wk? Den weiyi can go oso... Cos tmr both of us lk quite lonely leh...
No appetite to eat. Just now went running den come back v tired, somemore on my way back it rain..
You? Not drunk? What is the world coming to?
Im already in.
Slacking. Haha. All eating le
aiya.sayang my boy! love u deep deep.
3pm better for me leh, cos I going school after that. But now its 3 already
Why? Me anything. When u going sch again?
Ohh icic! yay woohoo!!! Hahaha:P of course I'm excited! Oh no now Ihave to get a third dress.
Sorry>< wanted to get off but shiyi beside me><
Wot wot a selection...
Lady gaga is an illuminati ! Proof on youtube!
Daddy will take good care of you :)
<#> k will do
She's not free tonight.
Yep
Hi.. Dr. Chan told me to attend his meetings from tomorrow.. He asked me to send a mail to some post doc who arranges the meetings.. Can I get his mail address?
I am on d way
Lolwut why
icic，ai, talk to u later. nw gg temple. ja!
han?
Hey, its Nishanth.. Amar was telling me you were the go to person forMac software
Tomorrow there's nothing no anna? *Kal ikuth u penumata visaduma. New Signal Toothbrush!*
Ok
I'll go w sophie!
Anything. How about 1pm?
Thanks (:
Yes da. Any plm at ur office
tml no trg cos many ppl got match. .rest well oh!
no lah. it's okay. she will eat watever we eat. thanks for e thought tho
Wat u doing? Now a bit free already...
I not sure! I dun tink so ba
Idm!! When are you leaving?
Anna hav u had ur lunch?Take medicine in time.Bye.Gbu
Office is closed for the day sa
Ya lo next week ask him... finish le? Sob sob sob... wow spam crabarh! Lol... marketing meeting lo lol... dunno when is the rehearsal
3 hr k bd wo Bihar se nikal jayenge
U are alot of help.
Come to dr 6
O? can.
K thnx
Hi rebecca this is your tutor alvin, I'm sending this sms just toconfirm your number.
A sweet young lady says to baba-baba...mere pati roz aadhi raat ko ghar se chaley jatey hain..." .. . . Baba :- "beti....ye SAMASYA hai ya INVITATION...?""
Hee. Ya no cry. Just kan chiong that he will do something wrong
Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
ll hav lobang.waitress at pub,town-good pay.telemktin- get those tt pay by hr ñ got incentives one.
Yeah, but fuck them. I wanna listen to fall out boy now so I guessthey get to lol
Ha bhai
And that's why I get to rub things in your face!
*semester not seminar
Yup yup! You too man.. :-)
I book u on  <#>   <#>   <#> . Go yh hse
Oknp
Aww =( I'll bring you a biiiig thing of water after surgery tomorrow
Yes!
Poi thana.
I dnt need a cn4matn anymor. I knw it vry wel. I trust u lik anythng. Promis. U r der in ma heart always. N, Im sure dat im der in urs also..,
I finally did it! I finally figured out how to download mode for the sims. I got new hair for star!
And I love love love u so much!!
If your not busy only ok..
<DECIMAL>  or  <DECIMAL> ?
Virendramal Jain Holdings Ltd Bank - Oriental Bank of Commerce Branch - Vadapalani CA No.  <#>  IFS Code - ORBC <#>
the whole table is for the inventory coordinator. member can stillview member queue.
Did u send me d song macho?
Hi! Can we chat?
Yeap I think we asking ws!
Dunno leh got her ic and everything! Haha I dun think I did but Ithink my fingers abit burnt coz I was playing with fire hehe:P goodgood:P can't wait to see! Haha that and you posting got no link!!
Did you go shopping?
<#> pm at leo house
That was STUPID! That sounded like a damsel in distress, soundedscripted and fake. ""Well that's stupid." Fakir said. "That sounds like a scripted andfake damsel in distress."
Hahaha u give mi ang bao I confirm go.lol.
Okay bring all sorts of cards please.
Hahahaha im sorry the place should be tanjong pagar. Sorry for the wrong info.
LOL really dun need any logic gate! Haha...
U ok la:-)  considering the lack of preparation. No worries. Anw end le.haha
Coz have to make sure formatting consistent, content flows and espthe appendices!!!
Wah u up. Can. Sch court?
Hey can you find the mega bus email and send it to me?
Sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and I can't pick up more until sunday
Ooo vivian also not staying! She say she staying next week instead!
Lols I like got no goal siaz. Everyday jus feel like playing. Hahanvm bout me la I m fine. Enjoy ur Friday :)
Wa sob sob sob... actually I also want bowling haha... contradictingmyself T.T... ask them watch I am number 4 tml lah lol
LOL so cute:D i decided to just lie on the bed:D
Can no problem. :D
Oh k k fyn i vil check it out..
Said no havng fud.. Cant u undrstnd or wot?
pata nai.udhar to ab sgow nai hote
o fine i think...
last time.. my brother time is cj.. now hcjc liao lar
Lol I love kfc
Hahaha come only eh. Join us. But dont have to eat.
hahha!!! huat ah!
Ha bhai
I havent told her yet. Anything up 2 u . U wan c him then call him lor.
yes...meet at 1230 at dohoby ghaut
Haha no problem.
Hey meet later at gym. Bout  <#>  plus wait for yw rehearsal
Oh my parents and bro.
Hahaha what model is that?
Call
Fri and thurs i cant... Got tuition... We can go for kb on sat... Can try power yoga too
Ooo okay!!! Leave me an offline msg!! Haha I think will be v draggy haha ._.
okok. i check later
Ohhh didn't u change quite recently? Or maybe I'm getting old haha.Yepppp totally man. Aie my mum feeding me bitter Chinese medicinearghhh
Yeh.
Drinking teh at home is not something to do lol
i use pi*major radius*minor radius.instead of major n minor axes.pi is 22/7.same as pi*r^2 maths formula
s so funny... Enjoy shoppin gal...
Some epic troll hahaha
My dear gers...R u all bringing body foam? Coz i seem to haf alot of bottles
Are m0rng me majak nai karte me koi jal, agni, akash, prithvi, surya aise game nai khel raha:-D
I leave hse le. Muuucks
Alright!
Achacho! :( take care.. we ll meet later.. miss you!
Lol maybe next week have? Dont know eh.
hehe, I am fine, thanks.
I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
Lovable
Hey! Send me the photo page !
Ooh nice! Hope your exam didn't do too much damage :-)
Tell d... Wat doing? Going for aoe
She say she going down later.
Like bleh
On break. Eating chips
K.congrates...
Mo
As usual
Wo zhi dao ni heng nan guo? You are trying so hard to save the friendship? yet I like turn so cold suddenly? Arghh? Anyway, hehehe?
Tom,r u there?no response when trying ur mob
Oh how make primary alc to stone? Ozone ar
Haha I'm staying but I'll only come back ard  <#> .. You wanna writefirst then pass to me then I write?
Who am i 2 u?鈥??chelam-type my name & msg me.   鈥??best frnd-hi msg鈥??lover -mis cal. 鈥??special -any frwd msg. 鈥??sweet friend -blank msg. 6)enemy-no rly ..
Dad went out oredi...
Haha up to u cos I asking I owe him a cd lol
Ya d:-(:-(
Too many people at my house my relatives are here as well besides the china people
no problem
Meet where
Haha high possibility, not confirm.
HAVE A GOOD DAY
how are you? I miss you!
Good nite dear...
Oh ya eh Friday u free not?dinner and maybe play some balls after tat oso can.
Ook
You having dinner with parents? wanna go parkway for dinner?
Wat hapnd durng ur b'day!
Meet at  <DECIMAL>
Hi christ can chat so bore
Haha wow you know my taste eh. Not bad.
Hey... Now rainin cats and dogs, u still goin 4 bio? My lab juz finish, dunno where to go now, rain lk crazy...
Yes i'll be there
Haha the joke is funny, the woman damn sad haha! Bacon is cute butits on my com so can't see it, jyjy too!
Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
Bata rhe hai abhi
Think one orange one not.moving. Think it is scared.
I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did ü leave a line in between paragraphs?
U lag la! I voting gay boy
Ok, Mr. Vague, lol.
Oh ya. Can come down  <#> '
Oki. U sleeping what time today?
I coming sch only in morning lo
Janani pls call me:-.
I did cl.
m goin... U dun wana go ah...
Hmm can you come out awhile?
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy I thought you were!!! Hahaha I dunno!!
I only left one orange still standing tall. But cannot last long.. Idrying the rest, see whether can make pressed flowers.hee
Wells thanks xP I'm getting ready as we text
Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
Kk leaving soon
Ok, Thank you.  What about the time to finish the reno?  Can be donewithin two months?  Looking forward to your final proposal.
Sure, ayam panggang three sets?
Just reaching
Ohhno Chester says he'll just go oh no how>< so now got 3 ppl >< mycluster mentor say she dun mind! Haha nope he's not!!
Hahaha slap! Yeap coming v soon! Btw!! Happy  <DATE>  HAHA.
Nai abhi nahana hai, phir khaunga.
You tell dear. Please
Same brand different model And somehow the original rx can bind to other txes perfectly fine zzz
Ooo icic! Haha I dunno shall just ask him! Last time he work inSeagate so hdd v cheap coz he always got discount haha:P haha allproduced in sea ah? Not China?
This is the answer 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
thanks god
:-Daur padai karta he?
Yeah i think so.
LOL SORRY I WASN'T CHECKING MY PHONE! yeah he so nice right:D hahahawhat happened!!! You got alot of stuff to tell me!!
Wow pro. You can ease the jam by eating?
Haha ok!
m in engine do some studying lor. U leh?
Hi are you around campus? Am free till 3
Wat ü doing now?
Yeah it also dun allow me send out messages now damn sian. Justreceived your msg again ._. Sianz dun know if its my phone or my housesignal, last time one Starhub person come here say is the house probthen go fix, in the end become worse what the. Haha why not muchchance?? Yeah I haven't been to wm since last year apr I think! HahahaI dunno what to eat still hahahah:P yeap chionging it now!!! Oh remindme haha I show you the park thing when I see you!
Aiyo, i thought t webpage say can. Then now how? T acct support wat language? Me doing nothing much c tv lor. U?
Ohh. Okay by tmr night it will be then.
hi i just wanna say hi and all the best for the vacation
i am so bored at home!no one msgs me!and it is so hot at my place!
Post!
Everything's reusable
I 2moro with family. Mon nid go grandpa grave. Tues got project...
Merry xmas to you too! :-D
K:)
Hey! Are u taking cm <#>  this sem?
May i call You later Pls
t upload by tml i will die..Thanx anyway..
Haha omg I'm so so so sorry!! I dun know how I fell asleep><
Ya at tt's office
Don't want lah. Don't care him. I don't bother liao.
You are most welcome. I hope you get screwed by him. :)
ah totally! they should have met
Hahaha!! Yeah I did six colours! I got a white dress with red stripesat the top!! Yeap reach home le! Haha nice timing! So you borrowed atowel?? Haha we're getting lunch! Yeap my dad says its okay:P I'mgoing to get heels later but my battery low, so I'm leaving my phoneto charge at home ps!! I'll reply you later!!
hihi! have u got a place to rehearse?
Hey, sry for the late reply, am at a nus camp right nw. My kayaking course timings have been changed so it is no longer coonvenient to meet u this sunday. Will be away next wk for another camp too. How abt nxt wkend? Lemme noe =)
Oye numb bhej to krishna ka
Bye pervert!! Have a safe trip home!
Sianz. $ <#>  le
Ok den u coming my place rite, u noe how to come?
Oh and yay teach me scales!
Yes, its here.  Thanks for checking in. :-)
Yup no problem, we very flexible de.
I just finish work. Make it my house bah.
Ya... Tel babe..
Hahaha show offfff okay I think next monday im free. I will get theconfirmed list from lynette then we go buy.
Loose talk
I dont know eh. I think it's too late to wait for next week. Can godown on thursday or friday?
hey i think i cannot finish the prototype tonight. can I jus bring during the next meeting? Thanks. See ya...
Or ü can go toa payoh central... Then ü can shop shop...
Not dat i dun wan sign up but i wan only for a mth... Try try first mah... Then y my sis got 1 mth one...
Are we going to the premium one at two?
Hey doing anything tmr afternoon? Wanna go catch a show?
Haha mhmm!! (: yeap happy chibi is going to bathe! Haha true true butyeah! I should start going home earlier!! (:
Lunch
Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng.
Lols so random?
Yah... But its so sad that national day is on sat instead of a weekday...
EaTing at  <DECIMAL> ?
Amar gasher betha jacche na re. I m now confused if its gas or anything else.
I'm alright =)
When bad times come in ur life, even good friends leave.
No. I wont.
Hahahaha serious?! Awww
Cannot get eh.
haha. np. thks.
Gud mrng
Ya tell da. .
Lol you all at city square mall right?
No I can't haha the last time I host a website is 3 years ago lol
Pillow
Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
I dunno! U all there le ah?
Hi Mr sim, Joel here. Stuart has the key. Hasn't he returned it toyou? I thought he knew he wasn't supposed to keep it overnight andpass it to u instead.
LOL BYE HAHAHAHA
Girlfriend ah.
Still waiting. Slow service.
Qwerty pe hath set ho gya hai tera?
hello!! I sent u another email with regards to space platform
and the pipe! any thing let me know k? sorry hhaha
Haha okay. Your sentence is full of fullstops.
Hey pple... Cant meet ur to shop, cos watchin movie... After my movie den call ur to c if ur still ard...
<DECIMAL>  pm at the airport (:
I dun mind. When izzit
Caaaaaaw
Haha oh no! My arms and nose got a little sunburned
Hahaha okayyy coz if not I wanna tell you the joke about the guy withthe naked butt!
Hi I need ur friend name n fin no who stay at blk  <#>  west coast to register to Hdb, thks lis
Then what to call?
Andrew pls go4 evening weding mas. Nobody2sing. I also cant go
<#>
Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
later wat u going to do ?
Alright we're hooked up, where you guys at
I calls you later. Afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. I can hear you but you cann't listen me.
Ohhhh
where are you?
s ok...
Ya becoz my friend jio me to take. Haha. But not cfm yet. Ya. Next wkthen can bid SS mod. Rd 1 is bid core mods nia. So i no need to help ugo in and increase bid pts le hor?
When do you plan to sleep?
Okie no prob....
Are u ok?
<#>  eh. Haha.
ll call u lor.
Yeah but nobody u know T.T.... reach le?
Sday only joined.so training we started today:)
At crystal.jade already seated. Andrew here. Take your time.
Oh forget it! Sold out! Haha...
m done...
Juz now his qn i reply liao...  So ü asking him? If ask oredi then tell me...
Call me
Dun wan la... :)
I will see you tomorro
You're on duty today and you're supposedly briefing the projectionists right? Could you inform Candice abt it and either find yourself a swop or get Candice to do it? I'll bring the laptop..
Jus gymed yest  lols
Hmmm.still we dont have opener?
Then when is physics test
I DUNNO. I DON'T WANNA EAT BANANA ANYMORE
(~ ,, ~) ye kya abhi tak jag rahe ho? aankhe band karo (~,,@) 1 nahi dusri b (@,, @) Shabaash "Good"nite" Hav a GUD N8, SWT DRMS("-")
Okie bro thanks
Oh oh. Nvm eh then  <DECIMAL>  lo. I can revise abit also.
Aahaa..
QC one more time and make your changes. Once it's okay, send it toruolian liao. Thanks.
Andrew, berny gav me an envelop2 gv u somtime ago.i just rememberd. I am trying2find t.wl gv u on wednesday
You on your way?
So fast ah, hmm.. It shld be alright. Tdy e weather seem not bad, u can bring ur dog out.
when u free? wanna go christmas shopping at orchard?
Ahhhh din wait for me! lol... I tot he asking me wat time I free mahI say  <DECIMAL>  lo lol cos I can reach pasir ris by then mah...
Hey interschool competition starting soon, u going?? But I forget thedates le.
Yup
OK great! Sorry,  I just woke up... slept only at  <#>
TGIT
Ill b there in  <#>  minutes.
Done with meeting, can pick you up from home or other place any time.
Err mine is gvcd. And yep 3 5v 2gnd
Ooo cool! What's the cup for anyway!
Yeah...i told jos i cn get to tpy at 515 she suddnli tell me cum at 6pm... Then she sound unwilling so aiya she say dun wan,then dun wan lor.Im alreadi almst hm
Try it out
All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
Orr... I tot u say take digi cam one... Then u wan to cut wat? I tot u decided where to cut oredi...
Leaving now.. should be half an hour ish
Yesssssss
goodmorning friends.have anice day
I'll busy tomorrow, so try meet with me after Monday.
Erm I dunno which days I got lesson still.lol.havnt check timetable leh.
Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
Google translate
Same. Didn't go on thursday, my pet guinea pig died on that day, no mood.
Hey. I forgot I gt another meeting till 2:. U all discuss first,Imeet u all later can? Sry. I uploaded my stuff on ivle alr
I bet. Not the refreshing sort, ay?
So got see felicia chin anot'
Last sem liao leh. Btw, gaowei n teck guan are my friends. Haha.
Ohh then thursday?
Ello for later teh I dunno if it is still on or not becos a lot ofpple din reply so I dunno about the turn up rate... if u r interestedplease reply me I see if majority is going then I inform u it is onagain Ty!
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Nature:)) okay I am sleeping already. Sleep early since.you are unwell k?
Reply now
Muackz! Are you reli still single?
U live ard cck also right?
Yeah lyn and yx.
Am in film ill call you later.
Bhai train me hu
m nt wrong...
Not bad..
Fun!!!! Chester showed me hahaha!!!! Ooo so not going sch? Pack yourstuff bah!!
hi Serene, Hui Ling here. what's ur matric number? we need it for thetutorial submission
Happy new year vincent. Wish you all the best in your future endeavors.
Ok, would you like to do on Singapore or on our sch?
Hey I need to come for lab?
ng boon yuen module n  <#>  i think. malay c+? nvm at least can su
Haha come find us bah.
Ok, thanks for letting me know.
ok., have u eaten? rem to drink more water also.. today quite hot
Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
Nhsvs <#>  2
Do it! Yeah!
Me queueing up now lor... Ü all so early...
Lols wad the! Thks
....photoshop makes my computer shut down.
Lol wat is ur SAT score
I love to wine and dine my lady!
Yeah...went shopping and spent a little too much. So whoops can't pay the phone. But it was worth it =D
ve just got back. So sorry I forgot my promise to u. What about talking tomorrow?
you're becoming so lean..eat properly:)
Confirm! ! Enjoy urselves! *:* love u
Hey mom! Just letting you know I'm back at calarts safely
Who u? Oo
Fuck it?
xy:Its ok. But i do intend to watch it w u all hahha... I prefer 11pm show cos need to eat dinner at home, but depends if u all can take it lah...
He remains a bro amongst bros
Hi Yeng Chin, I believe so. Sorry for not returning your sms earlier.
Haha how's my fb? Lol
Like so much. Don't ever doubt it
Donald is here :)
had breakfast?
Ha
Hi I'm not going online yet! Sms if you want:D
If lydat i cant do anyting.unless u already decide,i try to help u find seniors to help u.but u haven confirm anyting.
I'll suggest if it's just a short meetup, we can do it at  <#> am onfri if the rest are okay. Thanks.
Wah sibei sad everyone use staple and i no need to use. He so shockloh. Say so loud then the rest laugh! Haha. I think i jialat liao.Seriously.
Hi ppl! Let's meet at 4pm in sch to chiong powerpoint haha :) thankss!
m meeting Darren...
Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
Wah so now discriminate me right.
<#>
Dar I go bathe first.. give me  <#>  mins k. Mug mug
Hehe hasu i stil l0v u yaar.. Maybe we cnt eva meet bt stil i wana c u.. N hate makes l0v str0ngr..
Who r u? why r u sending sms 2 me.
Haha never mind la first time late lol
Hi people! Please check your emails regarding our preparation for ourtrip to Japan!(:- Cheryl
Heeee ok la. Doable so far. Now taking a dump. Call u in  <#>
How's it going? Are you online?
what are u doing tonigh?:D
Just leaving chromepet.. what you doing?  Take a walk.. weather is super!
Lols the desert episode? Ya his jumps and leaps v nice too
I'm Joel. Phone no money so nid u bring phone card from mom to me.Meet under hostel, I'll use this phone to call u nearing the time.
Oh nvm leo's mum said she cook noodle for him later.
Ok me too
Hey, how're u coping with e sch work this sem? Haha.
No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
Ok thanks. It's ￡ <#>  right?
Hee hee...  Poor thing. You can go out for shopping or something when yr tests are finally over. Im having a bad sunday. Down wif a cold...
Check your email,you can donate smes to tianran liao. <#> + smses get you $ <#>
Happy anniversary yo
I dont have the tools with me. I thought you say you cabbing down
oh... yup, doin account tut now..   i think bukit panjang is goin to rain soon. hav u decided to go out at wad time?
Hehe ummmmah
Eh math honors got hmwk?
Hehe.. Kk :)
Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready...
Haha. Okay. Appreciate it but i also have another friend taking withme rmb? So she shld also leave me a sit if she's early one. So noworries. Thanks.
s da 1st of 2 messages...
hee. gdgd. i gt good news for u! tmr no chem lab . dingding!
Free fall means constant acceleration of  <DECIMAL>  right
Anyway I don't think I can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill
s my dear?
Ya.. was just doing work at a table lol! Going for class liao!
Lol.. don't go back to sleep.  The whole point of the walk is to wakeyou up.. woken up your sis?
good afternoon did you had your lunch?
Wanna go out?
Ooo haha I like both! But I cannot play both! Hahaha! haha he didn'tsay anything much ah, aft that just walk off kajiao my bro aboutgirlfriend haha!
koi panga kia ha tune?
dear reach where le?
Hr was gud 2day!
Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.
m at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
Mm that time you dont like fun
Where are you?
We can't even cover the last lecture!
Hi is that yijue? When you free? Eric recommend
Hahaha... in all fairness the question mentioned a cat
Take pic lo
Lolololo
Ok lor... Meet on mon?
At 3..
And hopefully it won't be something mom uses to traumatise us, like AI
Dear remember to eat. I go back code le. Xoxo
urhmm no thks. Sorry huh
I mean got quiz meh??
HCL chennai requires FRESHERS for voice process.Excellent english needed.Salary upto  <#> .Call Ms.Suman  <#>  for Telephonic interview -via Indyarocks.com
see you at the school
HI JOE. CARE 2 INTRO
Hi ppl who know about ironing board, please don't talk about itduring chalet if we play truth or dare, I don't want wr to know yetcoz he's from my exchange group. Thanks!(:
Hi, congratulations.! Wish you goodluck for a bright future..may god bless you.
I think should have lor but actually it is not v. horrifying la, come 2 think of it. Last week was cos I was watching alone? Not Scary la.. after Fear Factor
Going home soon? Are you at little india still? Can pick you if you are leaving soon...
I am standing on top of a talk building and wind here is that loud seems could blow me to the sky any time
Okay, look down on it so much
Okay. Gotta ask them how they are getting there first.
I am volunter d
So wat time u going back
Haha okay.
My lesson starts at  <#> pm, I  <#> am need leave.
Sorry lol
msg me when you off work
Okay
I got like $ <#> , I can get some more later though. Get whatever you feel like
sia I dunno ler.
bas kar de thak gaya ho ha....aram kar
Where r u now?
Hi Ricky, can I get the *confirmed* timing for the painter?  Thank you.
Okay I am going to bed first. Dont sleep too late k? <3
Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
I don't care how attractive you think you are
Boo! Haha get home safe!
Ths s sweet jada
Okie...
OH FUCK. JUS WOKE UP IN A BED ON A BOAT IN THE DOCKS. SLEPT WID 25 YEAR OLD. SPIN OUT! GIV U DA GOSSIP L8R.
Keep it in mind
How are you?
League of exraordinary gentlemen tonite?
Lols. Dunno how! Go where
Nice address lol  <#>  4. Will reach in  <#> .. sorry for the delay
ITO pahuch kr kisi se puch Ghalib Institute kaha hai?
Dear ladies and gentlemen, im organising a trip to ily at 6pm. Tablesbooked already. Im cabbing down so let me know if you are going withme or going alone. ^^
Yah still in office.. I thought how come u never reply me, make me so worried, den i thought u might be driving so didnt want to call u.
Thk so la... Wat time u finish...
As in, my brother school got open house parents going can drop on the way lol
Im having class leh.
Is Eman hiong la. Hahas temporary good table mates!
Me reachin soon...
Orh. Ya we having men time
hav u decided yet? which one u goin for?
Happiness is never perfect until it is shared with someone else...gud nt tc.... - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Good morning Lei Mei.. I sent you about  <#>  SMS yesterday in CSV format.. Maybe you can forward it to your friend.. It would also be good to call your friend when we try to get data from my BlackBerry.. C u at uni then.. Bye..
Select any number of follwing..And send me ..Then tel one NAME(ur opp sex). I will tell their thoughts on you.  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..  <#> ..
ü wan gota call soon.or wait til mon onwards.i tink wil hav more chance of adverts on evenin telemktg.cos advert cheaper on mon-wed.
Why its gonna die? Can't catch food meh? Nice train more lo
Shiyas, i wil giv it @ eveng ? Its almst finshd..
Kaha hai?
Whoa haha hope its nice! Okayyy haha but I feel bad leh it reallycosts alot): nope can't find yet:/ shucks:/ haha yeah training wasquite fun!
m on my way liao...
Yo
ll hand in when i collect e mat package. Oh ya, 23rd is on wed, movie date rite...
Many more happy returns of the day Anna..Thank god he has given one more year in ur life..may god bles u with his endless love and take care of u, as he is ur refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble..He wil do mighty things in ur life,specially dis year.believe u shall b happy... :-)
Outside sr2. Com 1 level 2
Hey will u be able to reach my house at 6pm?
Come tell me wat happened
Ok,  seeyou tmr!
You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
Nope omg I overslept><
U wan to go for pedicure aft school tmr...
Lol yeah she posted a sticky about it on the forums. And peep were saying they should remove it and ban her cause quit threads aren't allowed lol
Later take supper
Yep, just for that game xD but he for whatever reason wants me to sayhe also has uncharted 2 and mgs4 lol
Ya. At bus stop le
Hahaha ya.its abt how to protect ur company when u outsource.like wat access u give to the vendor ah.wat u tell them or dun tell them ah tat kind.can like talk abt past experience all these also.quite broad de.
m responsible 2.
Yeah haha.. Btw I'm crazy drowsy.. we can call if you want and if Istop responding wake my ass up
Haha nope. Xt too.
Rofl simi sai. Haha yours out for buzz lightyear cartoon already.
i will be slightly late. sorry!
Comin back 2nite?
Yes u're right. If not, they'll take the lowest successful bid andthen return u the rest too. So basically, u can put as high as uwant.
Post!
argh! i failed my midterm! damn sad.
Hahaha little Shweta is becoming big ;)
Yahan. .i frwded bcz u were goin to listn thm
Nt nw i said...
SO FAST LOL
Haha heng, we didn't go that route! Reached a coffeeshop nowbreaking. omg it's quite pissing to cycle right behind Melvin!!! HahaI'll load the links later! Scared my phone no battery!
Nuuuuuu how can u doubt my love for u lol... haha quit lo lol I shallquit wif u until u wanna play again
Haven even started... Gg
m going 4 lunch now...
hi
Okay..
THIS IS AWFUL
Lols my art also not v good. Tis den imma quite busy le. Or at leastthis week. When u wan it by
What part of "don't initiate" don't you understand
Cutefrnd
Lol yup. Awesome life and pay. My cousin is enjoying it.
Kk cya
Hahaha still!!! What really you are half serious!? Shocked haha I dunknow what to say haha!! Yeap meet le! Just finished dinner!
How u now andy?
s pump... E pump i bought not very strong, haiz, wasted...
Are to wo kamina jawab nai de raha mesage ka..
Uggghhhh
Yup. Shld be becoz i also didn't receive any other emails related tothe proposal.
A baseball guy going round globe learning all kinda sports. This epis wrestling
The Hayato and Kanna storylines are so similar they call me Kanna -.-
Am in online dr.
Zhen ah, u still staying in hall right?
It's alright!! I dun know, th says she's staying but I think shemight not since you and vivian not staying!
<#>  or  <#> .... i not too sure
Yup yup...Haha, we still end up eatin nooch... U goin?
Haha fainted omg physics! Haha are you srs, let me control? Sure nomore left one:P
Its okay haha! I'll be in the Audi, I borrowed size m for you, if youtry le cannot then I'll change for you! But I think there's not manysize l left ><
donot angry
Btw, just now ann aik said 3 guys meet very gay loh. I abit regret tocall him liao loh. Haha. Give him chance n he still like that.
Hahaha you should wake up then and be punctual, if you're notpunctual then I have no choice but to poke and tickle you HAHA. ohhwhy!!
Hahaha I dont know if im in ns by that time eh.
Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
Wish you a very happy new year !!! Rumesh
s 4 australia one... But i wun tell them juz say ü go 4 driving oredi lor...
Gf sjshgd
ME 27/F/KL. U?
Hi,hw s evy1?care 2 chat,any1?
Haha 6pm lo
Huh, sounds like it could be interesting
Lol coding through your birthday.. very auspicious! You can celebrateafter submission.. 1 or 2 days no big deal...
Hi Kevin, ok. But before 5pm, can?
Anytime you are!
Hahaha okay! (:
rector ne reply kia ha
Hello yiyun....  Hmmm, im quite ok recently.... Not much work to do in office. Wat abt you? Hows life?
Going la
Ok. Lg will reach ard  <#>
Lols meet up aft jus holidays?
Dont count in the shirt for the budget.
K thks
Dude we should go sup again
I keep crashing!
Okay.
Aunty weihao come out already?
Okay. We got mission. Shall call it missiontake-correction-tape-and-cancel-name-on-smo-list for confidentialpurpose. Will brief u later
Kaha par he
Undrstand dis msg: Ystrda nit God gav me two choices.. Either 2 hav a gud lif partnr lik u or 2 hav exelent memory powr.. I dont remembr wot I chose... GUD NIT.
Cindy:Hey we meeting tis sat at wtc at 12 den go sentosa...Sharis: Pls reply asap to me whether u goin anot k...
matthew is not good enough for this show. Just a pretty face
Sian loh. Haha. Then what are u waiting for? Just anyhow do. Writecock stories. Haha.
suna ko tum logon ko koi sawal pata chale hain
Haha... Mayb later i go n find ü.Ü jogging today?
<#>  at yih...shld be going off ard 6 or so...u haven upload theessay from ur fren?...
No la... My puppy doesn nd groomin...
Oh ya... Forgot to tell u i wont b goin cos yest managed to finish... Gee, paiseh... So Cya at lect later...
Hey i will be late ah.
I have clothing for bed. Got extra one at hostel. Then I go back tmrmorning ah?
Soon already.
Attend JOB FAIR @CMS InfoSystems, Gandipuram on  <#> -JAN.Desktop Engg @ CMS FEG& Netsoft. <#>  <DATE>  pass. web: cms.com & nscpl.net Regn:  <#>  /  <#>
Paiseh. I missed your msg. Haha. Can pass one lah. U what honours ar?First class? Haha.
Where r ü all...
Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
OK cool.. will get in touch with Mr Rajan
i wan many many de sayang!! baobei ulcer better alr?
proposal masin jutt ka nam bhi likh dena
HappIE New Year!!! May e upcoming year be filled with more love,xcitement, wish come trues and fun!! Enjoy ur daE and party away!!!=)) happy new year  <#>  to u n family! ^^
Now I going wc market to eat
you got bring notes ?
Where is my baobao
Da, in the mrng v hav 2 b der in kankanady church at sharp 9 o clok. Come alone. V hav 2 meet siya. Dont 4gt 2 tak her watch. Remind me 2 tak her fees challan & xerox of the dd. Also wak me up atleast at  <DECIMAL> . $wt drmz.
Haha. Anyway, i forward your sms to her le lah. But i also think shenvr use before. Okay.
Haha yeah I might have gone before coz I had one uncle celebrate hisson's birthday there or something, that chalet super huge and nice!Hahaha I haven't been to either before omg! wow omg so cool hehe livelike a boss! haha its a random thing, I show you the pic this thurs!Wow haha steamboat!! Haha omg I kissed sophie hahaha!
m so bored!
Come come lets go do:D
She has mailed the marks to ur exchange mail.
Reply to Eric
I just got your msg. I donno why I don't have a signal in the mornings.
Yeah I angry you. You pms me lo.
Hi Andreu, hope u've come 2 ur rum. How was the work? Did rumate find places? May God bles u.
Dunno lei... N she neva tell us rite... She only told ben... Ü ask her lar... Ben got book a room at sentosa lei...
:-) good luck!!
Oops!! Hahaha I'll vote for him only if voting is on Friday!
Hahaha great! I slept until  <DECIMAL> pm lol
ok..
Thanx a lot...
I here already.
? hee hee hee ? see the smile?
Ok. May God bles u both
Ah OK cool.. no problem! Happy Vinayaka chathurthi! :-)
what modules are u going to register for? can u come online now so we can discuss?
Wildfire
Oki. Saw ur email already.
Ya lo rest more! Lol... I feel so lazy dun feel like doing anythinglol... next Monday got another assignment to hand up omg...sianzzzz... hmmm ok arh I. dun mind also up to u!
Jesus looked round and saw rich men dropping their gifts in the temple treasury, and he also saw a very poor widow dropping in two little copper coins. He said, " I tell you that this poor widow put in more than all the others. For the others offered their gifts from what they had to SPARE of their riches : but she, poor as she is, gave ALL she had to live on." Luke <#> : <#>  Praise the Lord ! This verse really challenged me dear brothers and sisters cos many times when it comes to d collection i also luk into my wallet and giv only a small portion of what i hav so that i ll hav enough 4 my day2day expenses little realizing that all that i hav belongs to him. Hehe. Just thought of sharing. GOD BLESS U :-):-)
:)
Wat time is SAT
Hahas thks! Slept at  <DECIMAL>  yest lol
Dun Emo! Nxt time then train
Haha okay okay I'll ask him!
Haha oh yeah. I'm memorizing ze magic flute :)
2204, 2206 2 big 1 small
Though I cannot see the pic from ur message, happy mid autumn:-)
A man shoud not seek a lady's participation in a typical man's work. Judges  <DECIMAL>  to  <#>
Hey Monday wanna meet up?
Uhh lol somewhat. Go sleep lah zzz
Hahaha no, he went back hostel after odac chalet haha! Should I sleepsoon? Haha I got one callus on each sole):
shall v go out
Still dunno how to change i2c address :/
Okay.
Thks :D
<#> .,Muthukumar nagar, 1st street,Lakshmipuram, ganapathy- <#> , Mobile- <#>
Wat is smth? My paper at 5 on mon. C how lah...
nice day
Okayyyy
Hahaha yeah I share with my family! Ooo eat eat!! (: (:
Buy one egg for me da..please:)
Whyyyy
Have u watch infernal affair 2 ? Want to watch on e weekend? Xyan is considering.
Haha its alright, concentrate on your math!!! Thanks (:
Sooooweet. I'll listen to em all in a minute. I'll be sure  send yousome more recordings one of these days
No gals!!
Call me woman, I need packing advice
Not heavy metal can liao, no preference la.. Where u goin tmr? Ur frens all guys ah...
I dunno leh haha that's just our reporting time!
Okay thks
Shall i buy tis mambo watch tt cost 80 bucks...
A fair amount, yeah. :( but after tomorrow I'll be golden!
Yeah I'm not going home
Lynette says she's interested to play eh. But she's on the way homenow. Later will confirm again.
hey my fren coming to stay over on thurs. can i borrow you mattress n pillow? thx.
Hey in arasur:-)
Partayyyy
Next time
Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
K
I finish liao
??? How can
Aiyo please ü got time meh.
Towards the front but not all the way! Okay!
han start ho hai ha
Can you kiiindly check my table tomorrow morning, and find the a4 sheet which have marks of  <#>  students and keep it with u till i come.
Darlingwhere is my yei ? I m outsid pl6
The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
Sweetness. Yeah I'm just doing some homework
I am ok
Hi gud mornin, r u cmin to uni tody?
wait..i ll call u aftr some time.
Eh wanna meet up at nìte? Höhò...
Hi aishya!hw r u?intro frm u?
Surf excel bhi
Hi Andrew is yr friend still angry at you? See you in the evening. Heb <TIME>
Wat r ü doing? Where r ü?
Heyyo when is math and physics test
HANS, U MALE
Lol what book?
How's everything?
Hey fen ah... Wat time u wana meet me ah...
Kay thanks (:
When ah? Tml afternoon, or to9?
I just don't understand why it's incompatible with reasonable thoughtif you take science over religion while still holding religiousbeliefs
Haha it started raining again): accident! We using it to clean thefloor and walls! It's very meaningless, just do that eryi! Oh no Imight be late I'm stuck in the rain!
Also, are you free this weekend? Me and you and <name> should hang out!!
Yes. Exactly, i clicked on dl anyway but there wasn't any response.Do e rest have e same prob?
Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
HAHA OMG I MISSED TRAINING COZ IT WAS IN THE MORNING.
I'm at tech svc area le.
Ok no problem.
Check ur Skype messages for the link
Called me for?
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  <#>  inches...
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Erm friday I not so sure. Sat can?
Cal me whn free.
LOL np then XD
Haha my phone went flat yesterday! Hahaha omg who's jb! hahaha youcarry me so heavy of course tired lah! :P so did you finish your assnand revision? Morning btw!(:
m okay wif dat, as long u want me can liao...
Anyway, done!
Are you able to come this friday?
Yoyo nia! (: Chester says ok! (:
Kya Bnane Aaye the Kya Bna Bethe Kahin Mandir bna Bethe Kahin Masjid bna Bethe. Humse to zaat Achhi h Parindo ki Kbhi Mandir pe ja Bethe Kbhi Masjid pe ja Bethe
Good night! Miss u dipx dipx!
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
Hey wat are the dimensions for the patchwork
Yea and put a present there
Still going to be a while. Hope all is ok at home.
Oh D:
oh ok cya tomolo!
hi care to chat
Hi ppl! Remember to submit your edusave form latest by today! Also,because Mr tay has to submit our personal particulars by Monday,please send the softcopy or hardcopy to the teachers by Sunday! If youneed hardcopies, I have some with me!
Later we go together. Come back
Hmm..Thursdays I can't make it. Mon can, but will be later..so what'sthe verdict?
Lol quit thinking about my cleavage!
Thanks =)
My parents are suck in carpark, will be v late
this kind of administration stuff very tiring rite? but after that uthink of the house then can happier abit! :)
Oh oh okay bah. Nvm eh. Let me know when you free bah.
You start work already ah? When start?
gal so hw ah? i still blur
I'm at the filter lane!
Can send me ur sss essay?..
(FOR YOUR DAUGHTER)
U know that's your cue to cheer me up... sheesh
HAHAHAHA YES I'VE BEEN WAITING
Ok...
I'm at com1    printing report now.
Okay 6 mins to and fro. So I just spam eh.
Ate le. Where u. Come my booth le
The baking??  <#>  I think. Meeting is  <#> ! Do we need to meet earlier?
Hey... Kick boxing on sunday is fully booked...
A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
Need 2 submit hardcopy for e SMV codes?
t finish whole chicken.
Where shall we have supper?
You should check it out
Let's pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. If we win I get <#> % u get <#> %. Deal?
Awww =( what are they doing?
Lols where u?
Haha phr kuch ni ho skta
Wat name
Okay then I'll get from her! Still got who else?
Ahh you let me know the time first. Because I still cant confirm.
Ooo.. Haha, okie.. Then I see you at the 2pm lecture?
Never. We too hum haha. Need climb in one.
0k..
Eh u hand in case study alr? If not can help?
Haha.
Ok.
Thanks!
Hey ladies, tonight we will be watching "I am Number 4" at cine 9pm.See ya then. :)
Ask u ah, how i setup my email? Eaka de.
Haha i went out to eat lunch, then going to get my bro a backpack!Ohh yeah dun need lend le, my parents decided to buy one coz he mightuse long term! Thanks anyway!! (: my bro using my phone to playminecraft._.
I got cip so staying in sch
can you pick up hotdogs on the way home?
Bro Pls notify me after u bank in.
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
m on e usual side.
Waise ji aap msgs pe jada baatein nai karti na?...
Ok thank you so much
did u.find ur way?
Haha ya lo... nvm I try sleep at 1 then... wa wa wa ! Do I getanother treat lol...
Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.=D
Oh ya? Yeah sure.. android then. We must think a little  differentlyfor android though.. its strengths are slightly different.. let methink about it.. we ll touch base once you get settled
# include<sex.h> #include<fuck.h> void pain() { sleep=0; eyes=off; voice=ah; dofucking(); while(end!=pleasure); if get condom(); else get child.gn
xy:Duno, later c how. Buy vcd also duno wat movie to buy
Hi sorry, who are you?
I just got accepted into nus arts!!!!!! ! ! ! ! Really really really thank God for e miracle!!!!!
Wats de pblm man ?
Yup.
treat him makan lah
Haha nice, will do
Ok. Leona not  free shuhui haven reply. We meet late aft noon, we confirm later again. Ok.
Wah wah still think first ah tsk tsk
Jos ask if u wana meet up?
Haha.. My mum wanted to do her hair in a better place ma.. Haha
Din know ü had so much time. Hee, should have tried asking ü out yesterday. I was so bored the whole day...
Wait
Nee dhaan sollanum!
Hey glennie, belinda from national geographic explorer called and askfor an urgent reply. She can be contacted at  <#>
I watched Real Steel and Johnny English liao.
K:)k:)
Paiseh...sleep liao...i just saw ur msg...
Thank you. I like you as well...
K
the person that came into my mind is U so juz wanna wish u good nite.......
Friend i am very sad hearing the news of your father death.May god keep his soul rest in peace.
Ha mere pas hai. Kyu kya hua tha?
Haha nov? Not sure what date exactly! No no cannot I must study I gotphobia of Chinese exams liao must do well for this so I can say aproper goodbye to Chinese exams!!!!!! Slap you haha so suan! Aft thisyear step down from sc liao can dun care le! I really admire raghavfor his dedication haha :) jamming has allowed me to see a differentside of him though haha! Oh I am halfway through :P are you on yourcom? Go listen to mei tian ai ni duo yi xie by zhang xue you! :D Iwanted to show it to you today de haha!
Thanks
Hey is cuming d.wait in  <#> .
wait for me
Cab fee on you eh.
Waa Sianz. I dam Emo sia. I room alone staring hmwk. Zzzzz
won't you feel dumb when the storm returns and you hear screams =P
Lame den u still ask. Waa like tt wat time end
Ask her go train la. If not can't keep up! Eh I 2moro I go ubin leavesome marks for u to find k?
Yeah): but timo's house cannot fit so many people anyway!
Errr when I know more abt wat to do ba.haha.havnt really start but I kiasu find contacts first.lol.
I dunno where like Jeff it's or anything and he never replied to mytext..usually I'm fine to chill alone but feeling dumb about mywallet's hitting me again =/
<#> / <#>
How's the docu ar? Can we print in the morning?
U still going to the mall?
Okie lor... Sakae at wheellock hor...
I borrow ur skirt ar...
Lol its ok
Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
Oh okay!
Yj not going for this engagement...if u got any better ideas then ulet me noe lor...for now i'll try to settle it...
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
I think I heard. Not sure. Stressssss
Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
LOL SERIOUSLY?
Der
Now lol
Ok
Haha have to buy the discs to bring there use de! That's why neverjio you all haha, I go coz I got the songs I like mah! Hahaha go singjapanese songs XD
Mmhm
Thanks very much.  See you then.
Okie no prob....
I coming now.
m going to late.... You saved seats?
PAISEH I LEFT HOUSE ALREADY!!!
Punjab sure.
I help u ask soh jie
Heee. Im so glad we love each other so much. Love u lots
Thanks dear, for being so wonderful to me!! Hee. Get home safe anddry k!! Muggs
Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
Hi Ricky, I didn't get the name.  If you want me to do it, please askuhome to return me the money for your charge.   You charged  <#>  fordoing it and I want you to complete the work and verification withoutneeding my help.   <#>  is reallly a lot of money for filling a fewforms.  Please let me know the progress. Thanks.
hi ritesh pls meet me at 1 clock
Double sided*
A lot of it does get pretty bad huh? I don't drink because my mom does so much
Its opening da
Thanks.
Sher sherni ko kiss krne lgaSherni usy rok k idhr udhr dkhne lgiSher:kya hua?Sherni-Dekh rhi hu aas pass Discovry wale to nhi, sale mms bana dete hai!
Im working in river valley. Not suntec today... Ahhh...
Shld be okay. Tell me location by  <#>  lidat.
Im jus asking so u will wont be late ..
Itti si bat kya, behave to aise kerti hai jaise tere doston ko hemesa ghurte rehta hun
Ok bhai koi bt nai raat tak de diyo..
Hi da
Are you busy
Oh ok. Got la, but all after tmr ma.
Northside.. elaborate later
gud
plz check ur email , remember reply , thx ^o^
Lols I dunno le. Argh boring life
I haven't gone yet bleh
Yay alright. Let you know again.
sayang my boy. ya lor. u so yeiyei, nv tell me. drink more warmwater. hee. dear reach where le?
My biaojie asked whether I wanna share with her anot. If wan she canask her friend help us buy.
Wed? can?
Lols he is buff not ripped right
Um i'm free until  <#>  pm but morning better for me (:
I am nt talkin with them always.just askd for help.they r school frnds.hw 2n i avoid them..
Okie
I go ask him first, wait he grumble again.
OHH SORRY!!!! Then how??
Ok
Huh what
Hahaha...toi jodi eibur dialogue mara bondho nokoro den moi 2 nihoto korai dim bapekke
Hi, am on com1 second floor :) just sms me once u reach. Cya :)
I dowan our batch to help, its not just abt the work. Like I said,the way they treat us is not worth our effort to make the car better.If he insist on it, my stand is simple, either their batch go dosomething abt it on their own, or nothing is going to be done abt it.Gautham, I'm sending this to u too as I dowan bernard to be themiddleman. If u find this unreasonable, pls find bernard and take alook at the previous msg I've send if u haven.
Muacks and flying kissed
Ur papers with me!
Hmm im not sure eh. I forgot who suggested to me about a watch.
Oh sure. Sorry. Am at sheares. I can come and take whenever you arefree.. thanks!
I with frens!
So that takes away some money worries
Oh wow thank you so much! I'll be there around midnight
Yo!! I'm online now! On Skype! (:
Lp l waitin for bus le
"Response" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'HEART'... So, always give response 2 who cares 4 U"... Gud night..swt dreams..take care
Haha okay! I think over time you'll be able to tell bah! Haha okay!Yeah damn then can concentrate on Tioman report): haha ooo havefun!!(:
Oh can it be earlier? Like right after speech day
Surprise!!!(: -hugs- v^^ happy 2 months(: sorry I didn't say much onwebcam, im shy!:P sleep tight and sweet dreams! Oyasumi!(: hope youcan talk to ayumu ok!
s goals?
Ok!! Im near the networking lab
You with him now?
Yeah haha oo presentation long over! It's the essay due now that'sdamn sian hahq
My grave is oriedi dug. Haha- well,jia you jia you! -short circuit le- haha-
Paiseh!!
i told u not to do it
wah... u so gd ah... okie... i will listen to u... but how about dinner??? re we having one?
you trick me. ave is 1 point only
Kinda.. I'm waiting in the middle of the two baggage sections lol
Ohh okay lor then next time watch. You prepared a new tank of water for them?
Hahaha near evelyn's house.
okie... i might be a bit late though... pls be patient k
Lol anything eh. Haha.
Oh ya. Sianz yest supposed to set pb. Must be Ivan too weak to spotden I no faith do la
And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least
I have no idea yet lols. But I will be staying at hotel yea?
U knw wat? I gt b'day bumps 2day! Adi pinnitalunga!
Guess so...
Yea?
So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
Talk online. JuZ reached home.
Lol hf
Ahhh great! I'm taking thurs labs and mon tuts
Hey, do u wanna work over this coming weekend? At tampines mall. Rateis $6/hr. Exhibition agent. Station at booth, explain yellow pageswebsite if required. Must commit for both days. Sat is  <#> am to  <#>pm. Sun is 9am to 5pm. Will be working with me. There's a shorttraining at 5pm on fri. Reply asap.
Hokay!
WARN the idle, ENCOURAGE the timid, HELP the weak and be PATIENT with everyone. See that no one pays back wrong for wrong, but at all times make it your aim to do good to one another and to all people. 1thessalonians 5: <#>  Praise the Lord ! Have a blessed day :-)
m selling it for $50...
Hw many eps left?
Bydway bade ch0te d0sto ka dhyan rakhte he.. N apki age?%-)
Wow hahaha im surprised he replied so quickly.
Can you let clarissa know that as well, I'll msg the rest..
I thk chinese tester better...
Print the report. Not three slides
Haha 6pm. Lol
Sup?
hix
Hey Steffi, so I recruit the 2 guys who have replied k?
WHHHAAAAAAT! =D
Oink! Timo gave me a coink omg!! So cute ~~
Ok.
Mine is z_ilches@hotmail.Com. Sis is yijueus@yahoo.Com
Yeah I turned it off! I didn't get anyth about prom)))))))):
hi
Haha I wake up le! Playing with a learn jap app, quite interestingnext day show you! Hahaha ohh dear why are we growing fat noo ): ):
Dat nokia 7250i is much expensive. 7250 is abt e same with less features. U try out my phone again lor.
i think its terrible. the curls r small.
Ok.
Eeeeeeyyyyyy
U all go sentosa Lo. Got time wad
Wear a dress! Haha die! I think I might have to go home today haha
You think too little of me. I'm disappointed.
That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
He's in lag. That's just the sad part but we keep in touch thanks to skype
I cannot bring you any food today, we got no boxes.
Hey lien... U change no huh... I juz wan to confirm... U noe la...
V r cuming wru
K..msg me at  <DECIMAL>  abt banks and market..
Hi:)cts employee how are you?
s house...
Yeiyei meeting at  <#>  rite?
Up to u
We need to do a fob analysis like our mcs one
Yay! What time are you going?
Hee. Orh!   I miss my Bblg soooooo much too!!!! Later call my house?I charging HP.. hee
damm bore
Ami jani j 2i amay vul i vabbi,u wl thnk j it ws prepland,,bt it wasnt.papa amay kokhono kchu krte ble na.bt aj okhane jete blche..ami ekn mashr bri.dn okhane jbo.i hv 2 go.hp u l undrstnd me..priyo
hey. my side say can take ur frens. send me their contacts?
Go here! Go there! But take care..
tune original msg parha hoa ha?
By?
Haha my hard disk will emit the "cutting blade" sound when running,my infrared lens dropped out, usb ports sometimes not working,keystrokes doesnt get detected at times. Hahhaha
Hahaha up to you!! Flip a coin!!!
Call me. Da
Haha no la. Lol you want to come over with xt?
Al d vry best 4 d exams,tc bs
Yay!! Ok. I go there.now
Wot? Hav u tld ur frnds abot truth of our mbl...
K see you tomorrow
Hey hows your driving test?
Dear, use umbrella k? :*:* I go back to sleep first. Hee
Wish you a merry christmas and may this festival bring abundant joy and happiness in ur life gnanam
Good lo. It's so terrible to walk in da heavy rain. Gosh I should getmyself an umbrella.
Me fine..absolutly fine
Sweet dreams to my lovely boy!! :*:* <3
Hmmm... Now dunno where liao... On expressway now...
Later 9pm at usual place!
Lol the tutorial I do halfway liao emailed u so u can continue.haha.very easy 1.by today must finish cos must give the slides to ah neh by tmr I think.
Hi people the sign ups are full): emo!! Oh wells let's go another time:D
m going to lib to print some notes? wanna come along?
t be too tired.... I love u
I go bathe first ah.
Oops.. Auto correct.. Suppose to be 'kk' :)
Haha I got no more time ~ comp in jan!!! Hahaha so cool! Did youspeak to him in jap? Haha and if we go we get to alternate sidesHAHAHA!!
yr grades for 3251 ?
I eat my dinner first ah. Call u later k.
ABWA
Love you too! :)
From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
Wat time going back hostel
K see you soon
Haparuki haparuki gacko gecko piong!!!!
Tmne apna cv nhi bheja?
End at  <DECIMAL>
Actually getting ready to leave the house.
Eee expensive and boring pls
Hahahaha so you have something to do mah.
Ya I think so.. why?
No la... I can remember u leavin wed. Busy with the training lei... Sigh tmr i got fitness test. Lolx toot long neva run liao. I think i sure fail 1. :p
Coming
The Factory has been opened at 8:00am
Haha no problem :-D
Define a woman.Ans-Sum1 who talks for HOURS while standing at the door, but won't come in or sitBcz     ..she is geting late.
Hmmm...Cant really confirm but shld b fine w me... But i can only make it 4 dinner... Got drivin  lesson today...
Really r u behind me then?
Alright, I'm by my phone and I'm waiting for you to call me, how long are you going to be?
What
ll remember everything u say.. i hope ;p
U come canteen lah.
ll prob cya den... Glad tt u got into e fac u wan....
no, gotta go sch tml. only all lectures are cancelled, stil got tut and lab.. actually not all fren tat i gossip wf, actually only 2 close frens,both vry 38.Ü
Its  <#>  at vivo, I gtg now training! let me know if you're going!
Haha if it bothers you, go cut your hair shorter.
Hey fen... Thanx 4 e shirt... Had a nice time catchin up w u tonite...Haha, b optimistic la, ur relationship will last...
Last time it's hard cus they are really small. Why 'liao' eew leh
Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
In which place do you want da.
Can i understand. My friends understand too. No worries.
Wat time going back
Ok lah my mum also haven go over...  they also normally late one lol
老公！you are so wonderful! my  <#>  year old baby. heee.after my coldover i kiss u more more
2 to 3 I got tutorial.. can either 3pm or before 2?
Thks! It's over though
<#>
Eeee I dun wan decide.lol.I m actually quite free.lecture starts at 4.lol.u leh free from wat time.
Okay I am going out for dinner first.
Then study
Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
Hey.. Can you come outside the lab?
In school
Hey, they're going to lock the room le..
No prob :)
Hey, you around?
What time do we meet for lunch?
No idea eh.
I only noe of one which we got for cny...outsource must rent for 2days...must go collect and return...7pm reach shangrila hotal..gotparking & erp to pay...very jia lat leh...
It'll be tough, but I'll do what I have to
m out w my fren today... Y?
Okay. See you at bendemeer.
looking forward one step down
By monday next week. Give me the full gist
Den u all shop first lah. Den later see what time if we meet.
Oops, forgot two more.  7) house number gold sticker, 8) tiler'smaster bath access door coming apart. Thanks.
Hahaha you very efficient eh lol.
Yeeep
K.have fun ere! Take lotsa fotos.èn we go ür hse ü can show us.hee-
?got simi special celebration.haha.I tmr got MIS mid term leh havnt study finish.
Tml I'll be in sch till abt 4pm. But everyday transport ur nds ard onbike I think not v gd on the gadget la. Heat n vibration, n I'mtravelling to n fro promenade quite a bit. Thur u want eat korean bbqor not?
fion wana meet up.btw,ü got drivin basic -book?
Ee! Ni msg wo dang ran hao! You outside?
I think they will send 2 ur email ask u go retrieve right. Haiz.... I so xian.....
Do u mind if we dont c e movie today? Need 2 shop. We c when u come back can?
I still having dinner. Let u noe when i reach home.
Okay set! Put on Facebook?
En en ni hai hao ma?
Haha yea sorry I was with Chester alone not very nice to sms :x hahagood then I guess! Nope not together le! Hahaha yeah I bugged him! okI am not going to get a new dress now, shall get new dresses for thenext three events hahaha
Comin back 2nite?
Lea me going to bed soon too. Hehe. I cannot sms to yr hp leh. Funny. U got my hp number?
Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
We confirm again? If not then maybe next wk? Sorry ah.. Hee
Aaaamber it's Brandon give me dad's phone number!
Hee. Ok. Take ur time dear. I at the 2nd floor toilet. I think nearmarks n Spencer. But very long queue.
kab ana ha kitni roti khani ha
They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
Mr lee is the art room open now?
So fast find him? If he aggro I impatient how
Kk 5 mins
Ok d
Cal me
Ohh ok! (:
Ya
Hahas! Is it very aggressive?
Lol sorry abt it. Thought you didn't want it.
s ur trip so far?
Sorry for the late reply. Was giving tuition. Dinner very short onela, but nvm.
Oh OK. Or later today also can. Let me know..
Mery dant mai qeera thaDoctr ny khakuch din sirf chae &rass khao1hfta chae rass khae1 din srf chae pi rha thaQeera bahr nkla or bola"Rass muk gaey nay":-)
So when you gonna get rimac access
But they got talk?
I vil giv dat buk to xerox nw..nw lunch for me
Thks!
Hey u wan watch unknown at 9plus?
I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
Hey can meet at  <#>
s da rest of da project going?
Sure... raidmax scorpio case, core 2 duo e <#> , and 1 gb ddr2 ram.
Yeah =o
Yun,wad time we meet? 11am mpsh there k.
Hey! You should join us for dinner later!
oh no we r not meeting tmr. but i'll be in sch tmr, if i can be of any help.. anyway join us for dinner or movie if u have a couple of hours to take a break!
Hahaha he's nice lah! Ehh, I don't know! Hahaha! Can't rmb:D
Joey, Im chi
I will bring lor... Not very heavy wat...
Ya.
Excited! 9 pm man vs wild
Kaixin did not answer my call. Gilbert says he will be busy withsports camp. Wilson and I hope both of you could come back and helpthe club.
K.. Bt sm tims latr..
Haha I was using msia number rmb? Haha icic okay next time if you gooverseas then I know can sms you bah! Haha I just started:x haha Ithink everyone die together bah! Haha ooo icic haha what movie? Let'sgo watch LOL
Courier POD NO.- <#>
Haha yeah lor! Haha coz need to keep! Yeah I think they not usinguntil next year! Abbie is the costumes ic hahaha!
Sorry, I'll call later
Oh k..
K...k..
Prai sob...kali ahibo;-)
Haha true true! But I think got some sure work out de la! Hahaha hehas no choice! Hahaha what?????? I don't eat ryan!
Hey I ll skip today.. not feeling very well.
It really is! I'll text you after rehearsal to see if you're still                                awake. Love you! :*
Ab tughe nai bat kerni kya?
You guys still practicing?
ll think of u...
Din bita raat aayi Sone ki ab baat aayi,Jab ja rahe the sone ko  Tab Aapki yaad Aayi,Socha band karne se pahle light,  Aap se bol du .G <#> D NIGHT
Apparently today got some cosplay shit on going
Achacho :( I ll come over tonight after class. No meeting today. Takecare till then!!
Opps just now I told ah Kor u at gebi. Haha
Can you? XP
Oh no, please dont corrupt dinie and stay far far away from him. Hecant go near to a pig you know.
Hahaha piano is nice (: nicer when you're the one playing:P althoughI never hear you play seriously before heehee:P what's that?! Is itnice? Chester didn't leave me out ah, it was only two of us so veryawkward if I reply! Hahaha yeah that's her arp mate! They used to besuper close until he started jio-ing her hahaha! Yeah Chris andChester used to be super close until nicky hehe:P fish n co veryfishy! I ate fish and chips! Haha tired but I wanna talk to you if youaren't tired! (: I dunno, when I finish packing up? Hahaha yeah I wasbathing! Oh my hahaha he uses it when I talk to him ah!! Hahaha how isthat gay!!! Gimme ard 5 min, I need to call my parents!
Sure will. Thanks so much
Yeah friday.
Yea. Circuit training. But my and ache like shitz. U got ache?
Call me when u all r leaving for ucc can?..i scare i sleep in labcannot wake up in time...
Yeh eve watch le.
Thanks! BTW, I also contacted Kesmond Yow on some other Villa Verdeunits.  It seems that he may have other units you might not haveaccess to?  We just want to have a more complete picture before makingan offer.
re u? Are u able to work?
Just now in e canteen. I got 4 battles in one week, now at least half dead liao.
m at the bus stop there
Total 6 pages including cover page.. added two big pictures haha.Write until wife layman.. but dun want to care le.
U gave me a  <#>  dgt numbr kinda l0okng a m0ble numbr.. Was it a dwb numbr?.. And dude hw the hel it cn sh0w dlievrd n i hvnt g0t tht.. Cn u plz do me a fav0ur.. Just find d adres of tht xps brch of ma city ovr internet..
Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
Probably not next fri k? Jus rem i have photog coz hee cya!
hahaha definitely
Haha but you tired should go home mah>< haha okay (: ehh are you surehe said that? Raghav said dun have!
Maxwell ñ the two storey chinatown mkt de hawkes oso close. I duno where is smith st.but those shop kind got open la.
Mark bought thirty dollars of cheese just because
Dun lame la. Gym 1st
Wat ?
ASK LIFE OF PI
dun forget u still owe me a treat ah..haha
sufi soap kya kar raha ha
joe?
Hai..how is you
Ahh I'll be at nus >< tonight? Tonight is fine!
Oh I dunno whether going hm 1st not. Sunday morning going back ae
oh its called Swing Of Sultan...at ms. later i let you know whos going, then u decide from there...
Haha of cos must start planning leh u say dun want marry so late onelo I rmb de! Haha... hao de~~~ can't wait for sat T.T...
Tmr i wait for u to have lunch together k.
Hey is it alrite each person 15
I slept. LOL
As usual, the grandpa starts his story.. "Oru oorla oru Raja...", The grandchild says "Aiyyo... indha Spectrum kadhai enakku theriyum thatha";-....Good mornin
Ya just got to lesson
day 2 hun!
Haha alright.
Fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
Haha great. I shall disturb you later then! Jiayou! :-)
I swimming at tampines. Okay I dun mind weds watch?
Oh ya i'm taking BSP <#>  this sem. I'll see if i need your proj asreference okay. Haha. And prof catherine really mention lord danny inher very first lec.
Just finished. Missing you plenty
Happy chinese new year! :-D
My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
Okay. Sian week again.
Haha yes! Lol get one for me if you dont mind XD
Lol i have no idea why would you ask me that question but yes, he can join.
She at my place already. I wait 4 u. Msg me when u home n ready
Sure.. I'm coming now
Whr ru
Halo ppl...
no stil at ofice
What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
hello
U submit the stuff and print can? I stuck on the way. Traffic. Jam.. zz
At least he's trying! Must support him k! Haha! Can finish your mathassn by tmr? If can then sleep bah! And rmb to do personal statement!Haha><!! I don't need to be your priority now:P dun spend so much timeon me! if I spend a lot of time with you now, I think when you go ns Imight just be super potato haha:x
Can ü all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
Guess lah! Who else??
Wah okay.
Hi, yes let me call u in an hour's time.
Wan fight ar Dick face
Aa na bhai jaldi
Chem haven get. Physics today jus did test
ll be late...will call u
I have given to janani. Take from her
Lol go google it
am at home
Hahha u naughty girl.  Ok sweety.
2 marrow ill bring.
Heee kissssss
Should be ok.
Then for the CBA, later i'll go in and touch up.
If too late can dun need to buy de..
Last.
Watsh acv
"You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you to go and bear fruit- fruit that will last. Then the Father will give you whatever you ask in my name." (John  <TIME> ).
Oh... Icic... Haha, nvm, i was juz kiddin yest... Wow tighten braces muz b damn pain, haha, take care k...
Call me
hw u wan me to pass u e $?
Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
Eh weds playing volleyball at sentosa u not coming?
From egmore come to broadway busstand through  <#>  series bus..from broadway get  <#> L bus and get down in guru nanak college..
<URL> +women
It says Feb <#>
Ooh kay sure np! You buying? :O
Why u wan 2 come. I at lib now.
Hey enter from the further door..
Am up
I'm outside Sr 1. Com1 level 2
Eh.. can remove or add descriptions not
Actually no leh. Your printer (Y)
what you feel now
dear i on bus lr. baobao u la!
warr oye...load kyun jarwa diya ha tune
I dont know eh. Later i tell you the menu. But i put in store untilyou come eh?
K...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
Good luck on Arabic! You got this yo
Fyi I'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  <#>  min
T.T so far!
SHE LOOKS COOL :-)
Ya. Is it u only rmb the pagan holidays Haha... eh I'm killing myselfover stupid statistics lor. At least ur hell week is over haha
Nice =) how is it?
All e best 4 ur exam later.
Ya
I've send the solution back, and a long winded explanation of newton laws.
Hey when can send me
Msg kaisa tha?
Ok.
Thr is no bird in it ..
Lame
Eh I will be at s <#>
me nt goin tonite le... gotta do stuff so  tt tml nite free to go...
Hey hey, tmr evening I need you all to come down and help outcoordinate to distribute manpower to the different station games.Qiuxuan, could you please let them know about tmr?
Home la. U going baCk 2moro morning?
Hi Godfrey, my email address is  <EMAIL> . thank you!
Oh really ar? I don't rmb that. Nvm then. We'll just find companies then.
Check your exchange mail.. :)
Class! Sup?
Well keep me posted
Ü going class outing this sat? Eh west coast can rent roller blades not? Haha...
What you decided.
yeah... now the next thing is to decide which movie we shall watch
I wud never mind if u dont miss me or if u dont need me.. But u wil really hurt me wen u need me & u dont tell me......... Take care:-)
Hey really sorry bout ur pouch... Really din mean to forget to bring or anything... Sorry lah... A kiss to make it up?
on  <#>  le.hee. to mrt. ur mama so frenly, make pig leg soup hot for me
Haha check blood urine eye teeth ear then xray. After that connectsome thingy to my hands and legs. Then followed by stripping and thepsyco test.
acha...chalo sochte hain
Lolz well it's not unreasonable what. Serangoon also nothing muchreally. Just a lot of good food and nex lor.
It is. Calling me back.
Lady asks u 2 be at KFC at  <#>  oclock n cal  <#>  n she'l come n take u 2 hampden rum. Broker no  <#>
U not at home?
Airtel broadband.
Okay.
"BADLA & BEIZZATI" Gf ne bf ko khat likha, meri life me naya ladka aa gya h "tum se acha, mai usko dulha banugi, meri photo wapas bijwa do" Bf ne apne sare frnds ki gfs ki  <#>  photos jama ki beech me uski pictur rakh k khat likha. " lo in me se nikal lo, muje tmhari shakal yaad nhi... .....;-)
At central lib... u?
Wot the hel?
s that?
Ok
Lol I was thinking if I can meet you at 6pm lol.
K
Hi sorry, Amar ramc are backing off.. they want to go with PraveenVivek gang. We are still 2 short. Sorry, miscommunication on my part
Haha icic! It's not raining now! Haha I guess sohjie bah! Hahaha okok don't potato! Ooo so cool! I'm surprised no yuhan haha! Omg nerd!!Ooh so like sweeper lah haha! Yup just like any other sport! It's kindof difficult for me to feel enthu about cp now haha ._.
I have exchange briefing sorry!!
Mai naraj nai, gussa hun. Tera tone mind se nai nikel raha tha.
Anna at nugegoda
Movie.. But its gonna over so 'l sleep then
Orh kk.
Thank you very much, kent! Haha.
Good night
Yeah, i can still see stuff when I search on google reatime so it isn't islandwide
I dunno leh. He also never call me. I go find shimmering later lor.
Galileo is complete
Ok thanks
I say go ur hse lmao
s one as me and my bro are not taxable. Supose to rcv this month but havent got it yet..
Your cluster bus had space!
Sup brosef
Kaiez... Booked liao... At orchard mrt, 130 lesson...
Told zai 12.30 but we all meet at 1 in town. Shall we eat genki at meridian hotel?
Ana lucia s gona die (sory if u didnt lyk being told)
Ya
Haha countdown mah lol.
Ya i doing physics tutorial now hahaha
Hmm hao bah.
Start working tomorrow woohoo!
Help me feed e hamsters...
Not until my turn la... Muz queue to pay first wat... Den nxt time dun have to wait...
Ok so the first break then
Haha if you can make it then come bah! Dun need zhuan cheng come tosend me home:P haha what does it mean by circular?? Haha apparentlythey posted on fb but I never check! Haha dad fetching me home now:Pyeap I did! I did a ryan and was 2 hours late:P
U decide ba.super nua.lol.
hello ritesh pls check mailbox
LOL.how u intend to win those ah tiong???but u nv go lecture is normal wat.
I dunno!!!
Haha make friends only mah.
Can we meet this saturday to have icecream ?
probability assignment photostate per hasamiullah probability assignment ec ke naam se
Cmi but also cannot like that right... sigh suan le.
Happy new years!
Eng and LCS is worst combo la. Now still need do EE :(
I watch show now
Haha chocolate white rabbit candy
ve been waking at 930.. :oS 730 will do just fine, thanks. :o)
Hahahahaha HAHAHA hahahahahahahahahahahHahahahaha
Orh!! U so sayang sweety.
Ya
Tmd
m askin if ü leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ü haf to walk v far...
have u ever seen that?
Eh I realised I got math journal to do and 2moro got chem retest ..cant go gym. 2moro then gym?
i miss u
My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
Rply da
Joey: Ryan pg is where leh?
Oh ok no prob..
Why? For what? Hey i helped you tick your name on the tut list... haha
Then start some executable file to connect the phone to the com
Sure, np
s thru!
Ehhhhh lol did u win something from a blogshop? lol.
I reachedd. Where u
At where?
Wa he taking also? Thought he gonna take that lame lsm  module... Ibidding  <#> ... got so many points anyway lol
argh! jus had a terrible fight with moi parents. nearly kana disowned sia. lol
Hey today you free? We going to fab house.
hee. love u so much too! tge money i return u nxt time i see u. urparents happy?
No! You!
You get up?
ll go 4 bio together k...
Hahahhahah ok.
have ü submitted? If not we can go tmr to the office of finance
Robotics lab
MATILDA? WILL THEY PLAY MR. MOON LATER? Mm? Anyway, it is a hao yu zhao. Panda Day
It's fine. Healthy.
U mean yest? Lols soh SIS and I bullied loo
I'm there le!
Ok cya at the deck then. I will be along in a little while.
ll noe wat u really want.
Aiya!! Chou baobei we forgot ur mpe!  Hee. U just abt to msg u
Hey, dickson n subi going for tmr one so i guess u don't have to go down loh.
Bss! Umm about 5 plus? Haha is that too late?
Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
He is his own father?
saw u @ the bar last night. cewl to see u after so much time. wanna meet these days?
Unless we find someone to play after seowting play one round, causejason bout 8pm free.
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
i'll be there
m not feeling well.
<#>  to be precise.. :)
Yes yes.. Now Nadee is went with her mother for shopping.. I am at the apartment.. Bye bye then.. Good night..
Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it.
If you don't respond imma assume you're still asleep and imma start calling n shit
Oh, ü muz be dead tired then. Haha.... Wah, so far also, at tuas.  Hope its not pouring there, its pouring at my place...
Okay, Dad, the Plant was closed at 11:00pm accounts handed over to GG
Soon. Where u
Hi Andreu, by mistake i have rung Hope u'l ring after din. May God bles u. Bye
May lay,if it's even alive. The largest one is still alive. The twostuck together their eyes still moving I think.
'll be up to speed in no time!
) ok... Hee... Ok, u better conc on ur seafood dinner, dun disturb u liao... I go help u earn neo points ...
Jesus this makes me want to smash my head into the keyboard
where r u now?
I tried to hint to Chester but he's telling me to reject you how><he's very nonchalant about it!! Ahh ): haha yeah she dun mind! But wewatch the movie le right!
Mindblowing Thought:Accha waqt jarur aata haiMagar Waqt par nahi aata..GOOD MORNING.
Dun have... I check liao... Whole tape all e kids...
Send me your details! Hahaha!
Wat time r ü going sentosa tmr?
Ok. See you then. Thanks!
Phenol or cyclohexanol more ability? Why
ok
Okay, soon.
I am busy talk to you later
I need to go home to bring money.Sir please live me for two days.
Rly? Yest he still sent cherie hm le.
I'm home, my love ... If your still awake ... *loving kiss*
Lols I doing tablet
Ya.
Haha might as well shun bian install 6 pac inside... then liddat dunhave big tummy for u to touch le T.T... got arh so hua and smooth myangel~~~ I on train going home le yeah!
Hehehehe kidding my hottie :))
hello, this is a test.
Ok just call before 5pm office hour lor.
I liked your new house
Kannaaa... I want 2 luv u....
Ya, i can understand... Most of my tutors r frm china too, really cant catch wat r they tryin to say. Thk beta depend on myself...Din c u during lect...
Feel free to sms, I can receive for free. Hope all is ok on this first day.
reached home le dear^O^
hey, partner, help me tell boss i cant make to meeting today.
K
Dear I at the benches in biz.. near LT  <#> . (Turn left when u seethe stairs leading to sr1)
Huh? Why got me inside... yucks then they shld remove that pic ! Oh no is it ugly
Pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
Oh icic! But got so many exams until need to split into two days meh!Wednesday!
ve reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now...
Were they all to your satisfaction?
Please pass money to her. No cash le :P
Oh OK.
Hmm. Ok see 1st
Kk can help me check whether weekend de office got open? And alsomonday's opening hours. Thanks.
=D
K thanks.
Ah k.i'l bring my key jst in case f u were out
MY LAPTOP ISN'T ON
Hahaha yes hahaha the drum thing was planned one or what??
When they have FUCKING MAGIC
Call me when u reached dl.
Hws dis ?
Meet u outside lt  <#>  in 5 min
m leaving my house now...
Yes..injury only.
Huh... Muz go home ah... Cos i wana watch movie too... Hmmm, lk tt den nvm lor... Another day...
Dar I am at com1. Entrance
You all reaching already?
LOL WHAT SHE DO
but then im like that one wat .. hard to change ...
LOL, cheat ~
Yay thanks!! It's okay hahaha I just forgot who I lent it to hehe:Pcoz vivian wants to borrow haha!
*r4
Omg Joanna is freaking me out. She's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. And then she's asking about stuff on my MySpace which I haven't even logged on in like a year. :/
Wow cool! So where are they going today! Haha nope see teacher mentorfor arp! Hahaha  <#>  mins only!
Sure thnx.
Its fine.
Okie... Oh u came frm home, thgt u were in hall. Cya...
Suppose i am
Oya
Hey nxt Mon when celebration end
Haha!! Pull your cheeks:D haha but other ppl did better! Hope got Abah haha then balance out my chinese:D
Thanks for the help da ge
Where they?
Oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
U want more?
Sent. Sorry for delay
Uh huh uh huh...
r u angry with me?
School sucks =P other than that I just have bad anxiety shit.. Ipromise I didn't text you to complain, I just miss you!
I'm gonna come by and we can bus together if that's okay =)
Lol I gd boi dun club.hahaha.the like and vote seems easy to do though.hahaha.
K keep me informed
ll try contactin her again...
Lol but it's raining :-(
Haha no idea. Im in charge of asking only. Got suggestions?
Happy cny to u too
m at bugis  too...
Sweeeeetg
Oki.. I freezing liaison. Haha
Sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
I want akka.
Yeah somewhat i'll be flying what
Now just eat shuang only... Next time den eat lah...
Hey the land training is  <#>  am, so meet  <#>  at kallang mrt can?Dun be too late ah.bring shoes, slippers, change and a big waterbottle. And fees for oct
Just uh stay in the cubicle .-.
He was not proved guilty. THAT is the thing.
Hhahaha or probably you have not talk to me for the past few days,that's why the fever came. Nvm now im here already hahahaha
Yes please..
Muuuacks. Orhz love u much!!!
Loft bah.
Whachudoin?
Now?
Thanx
Baobei I take  <#>  instead. Hee.. on bus le.:-) :-D :-*
Yay write super long essay, quite satisfying! See how ba! Still haveto study for exams lol
LOL JUST SPEND LESS TIME THERE
Yes!
Papa ka phn aya tha?
Happy birth day Andrew anna..may all ur dreamz cum tru:-) tc sachi:-)
Aiyo. I eating muffin.
Lol got quite alot of muscular guys here leh. I think you will droolnonstop lol. It's at cmpb.
Lols imma sick...
may happiness be at your door and joyful music fill the air, may love reside within your home, may all find warmth and comfort there. MERRY CHRISTMAS.friend.bye
Dear ladies and gentlemen, this friday there will be a dinnergathering at telok blangah in a korean bbq restaurant named 2d1n.Reservations will be done today at 6pm. We will meet at 7pm on friday,so do let me know. Thank you!
Uhh maybe in half an hour but the window very small later going sghobby. Try not to reuse developer fecl3 i stop at 3 full etches depends on concetration lah
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Eek sorry! I have excedrine if you need it.. not in campus but  I canhead there (I have to eventually anyway)
Ohh sad! what did you write then liti!? LOL WHAT. HOW DOES THAT WORK?
Yep. But I leaving at  <DECIMAL>
ho gaya ha...sir ne exclude kia
Ourspace 7pm.
Yeah my appointment is in the morning.
Lol alright. No problem.
Gettng ready dear.. Jst remind me wot al thngs needed...
Alright. Martinez right?
Hk Ivan wenbo abbie friend Jeremy junxiong! Ohh did you bring blazer to Co'an?
So late ar.  Sayang my baobei LG.  Drink more ok!
i reached home le my yeiyei! love love u!!
Haha im walking towards your car le. :D
Hey guys, i'm there already. See u soon =)
happy birthday to ü.ü r born in e zoo wif ür monkey relatives celebrating ür jiang lin.happy birthday to ü! Luv ü dear -big hug-smile owis,cos it can dian ppl!
When is it?
Haha. Ya I know.. he told me. Oo. U so fast go back le.
Oh no he didn't reply my sms and I just received yours ): I try to dotmr morning can? Sorry I can't turn on my com now my parents willscold ._.
Thanks! Haha.
tks!
Hahahaha I nv go.I went for interview.lol.ok then jiu see u tmr afternoon.
Hahahaha hao de thank you!!
aja
Oh right. Lol saturday we are going to celebratr's evelyn birthday.
Do u know what time mummy will be done?
Thanks alot daryl!
how about ur test today?
Haha alright!
Ohh! I might be late then! And did I already mention Hehao said he's coming!
You still awake?
Hey wilson, I need your email to send you the approved proposal.
Caw caw! <3
I'm late! So is ryan! The rest are at the control station at amk!
Sory f m troublin u nw.im nw cryin andrw,im goin thru sm photos f my brothr....ane i wnt my brothr andrw.i cnt liv andrw....nw dis pain s enuf....
Okay can. Later meet you at boonkeng bah. Dont mafan you change bus.
Gud one...
Np (: (:
Haha okay good good!! Hahaha you must be super hungry quickly getfood!! Wallet finding??? Hahaha you super happy right XD XD XD
Hey supposed to do which examples in the worksheet?
I havent reach home.  <DECIMAL>  cally house.
Ya, y?
Turning into thomson road lol wait at the dropoff point
Okay. Thanks. By what time need to confirm?
Ok u free let me noe, den i call u
Done yet? We gotta leave soon.
Oh oh jia you eh. Im so hungry now, cant wait to eat xlb.
Dat gate vil b open only
Yay thanks! Mine is  <#> (:
Today can... I'm free after 5
thank you
I am sleeping liao. Yeah guess I would.
Haha, that's good :) focus on your guitar and bass first la..
Where u now
U take  <#> ..
T.T... trying to make me fat wif u sob sob sob... No arh 3pm got labto go....O.O wat lose 2 put of  <#>  mark lol
Idea will soon get converted to live:)
Morning play la. Every night spend at chalet. Later night cyclingmayb go old Changi hospital
Bhai tje parso chitt0rgarh ana he
Heheh whachudoin?
simon is the best judge in the world plus he makes good sense!
Yup... Okay... sleep early!
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
Do worksheet 4 quest 3
I'M NOT DUDE!!! lol hahaha both raghav and Chester said I look goodhaha>///< I just received the 2 tix one twice, so only one of theoriginal sms got through! Haha I won't ever be confused ok!! Hahaha soI hit that time not pain right only very chibi pain!?!?!? Haha shouldhave had lah! The DJ guy very random haha! ooo okay!!! Lookingforward!!! :D if ppl jio you then uhh I dun know I ask some guy closeto me go jio them!!! heh heh heh there'll be alot of things I will doto terrorize them I think! :x! Ehh I dun want bet! But I think dunhave!! Haha I bathed le^^ I will tell you about it tmr!(: haha yeahshe was!!! Trying to dress up like lady gaga or sth!!! GOODNIGHT!! Hug(:
Yeah the graph not supposed to be straight.
she's our rv sch mate. doing some insurance related work. sorry abt not asking u first.
Lol seriously? Haha hao ah.
LOL okay. Might be trying to go back to the topic about us.
Okay. Can. Sure bo? Can don't wear? Haha. Very hot leh.
But u no need? Cause  <#>  will pass by ur house anyway
Ok... I just need to pass u sth. Where is your lesson? I pass u a bit b4 2?
Ok.. U back from school already?
Muggs!! U eat too ok! Kiss u!
Ugh my leg hurts. Musta overdid it on mon.
I love you
Motherboard need  <#>  months to arrive leh. Anyway I think I wannasell the mb at about  <#> , at least above  <#> .
You're the apple of my eye! Haha ohh wells!! When you come must tellme okay!! I go find you (: (:
Haha lazy pok! Hao arh... eh shld be ok bah lol  <#>  min... if notwe see if we can make it for  <DECIMAL>  movie lol... I so guai lo nowwatching webcast lol
MBA
I see u ^^
Hi jeff
How do you address your grandfather?
Wah.
<
i want to sleep on u! hee. break now? or lecture still ongoing
Do early? Bout  <DECIMAL>  la. Aft tt u go anything on?
Ummm no because I havent been hearing problems with logistics, but Idefinitely need helpers. Btw you free for all 4 days?
LOL. No. Hate the staying still for so long. Would rather finish some work.
SHIT BABE.. THAS A BIT MESSED UP. YEH, SHE SHUDVE TOLD U. DID UR GRAN KNOW? NEWAY, ILL SPEAK 2 U 2MORO WEN IM NOT ASLEEP...
Hahaha yeah!!!!!!!!!!! I was very sad when I found out I failedhigher chinese haha x.x
Since when did I forget about our friendship. I almost said I wanted to marry you during the game just now,then you reminded me about money fortunately.
Today's tuition is it  <DECIMAL>  or 7 pm?
m sure my dear now look very pretty..
Wtf?
We think there is enough time to live! But we never know which momentwill be our last..So Love..Care..Share.& Celebrate every moment :(;(
Hey I needed leave after de movie cause my friends having a surprisefor another friend for bday. Is it ok???
Dude nooooooo! Like <#> mins?
m already at the busstop.
Wahahahah just finish my driving! So sad fully booked until nextThursday sia.... ya lo so unhealthy T.T... too busy le lah so sad....noodles cracker fat meh potato chip sure fatter lo
good morning
Hey when are you coming?
Yeah I don't see why not
Dear where you will be when i reach there
groom
LOL. WHO DOESN'T?
Hey LCS has informed me to tell you guys to bring your compre scripttomorrow!\(^_^)/
Hi Andreu, hope u r in the bus. Wishing u a safe n happy journey. May God bles u. Good nite.
It means thaT we can gym later
Haha now only you, ruyi and lynette not here eh.
Leaving hl hse lo
Oi. Erokom koris na re. Bohut mon kharap korche. Tui jaanis to ami toke valo vasi. Utha na phone ta.
Wow thrs even a concesion even if u hv faild
Is it every sat? I ask my mum agn later
uploaded it to ivle, but atill wirking on the service api.
yar slides wohi hain jo tum logon ne presentation di thi, mera kal emt ka paper ha, isliye mobile ka abhi kuch pata nai..usman ya abid se pata kar lo
s going to be painful...
Hey you around? I've got enough for a half + the ten I owe you
Hahas is qx ur berton? BTW bran semi final timing was  <#> s too rite?
Do you want me to come today?
Haha wht bout friday?
Lol I think so. What time you reaching?
FUCKING RAMSAY. IT BETTER NOT BE AS HORRIFYING AS MOTHERFUCKINGBASTARD ASS RAMSAY SNOW
hee.. bblg must rem to rest arh! lurveeee u deep deep
Flu... cold... running nose. that sorta stuffs. Have been resting some days already...
Oh oh. Haha that's for a good cause mah. You can join us after that :-D
I couldn't help it.. I just had to sayang my boy a little.. hee. Andtell u that I love love u!!
Hi Andreu,good morning! Went 2 bed late? If theres anything give a ring 2 this. Celebratng new year at our skul grounds. May God bles u.
Congratulations for your success in exams
Whats at utc
Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
You'll be rich in no time
Teck whye on lrt, 5 more stops
=( aww really? Hao bah. :-(
i gt the paper bt internet down. will send u asap when i get it back
Haha saw le:P ms chua scolded the ppl who cheered for you! Hahaha!
any prob.?
Remember to tel mdm madihah i won't be there for flagraising
ok..
Okayokay apology accepted!
Faggot siaz squeeze all into my wardrobe. U washed the clothes ar?
I m waiting
Haha alright. See you.
It's okay de haha! Dun want make you wait also (: haha omg yeah itwas very weird haha._.
Not going for the real thing? Why?
Wat style??
Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
Hihihi vivien was like today?!?! Then izzati not free so wanna changeto tmr morn instead?
Haha the ~ sign! Hahaha you could've called me!! Coming!
<EMAIL>password-ty <#>
Lg in forum toilet. Dum dum and bum buming
Okie... But i haven reach yet, dunno still got seats anot... Pinky not comin oso...
Hokay. You're welcome to come over here if you want, just waiting for<name> now
Divya,I am not near so cant come.pls manage.call me once u fix it.
I am angry????????????
Thru icq. :)
Yes.
I will have an interview at  <DECIMAL> am tomorrow.
i am very sleepy good nite
Yea printed le. U nid print le
sis per...elective hi bohat kam kar diye haintelecom switchingadvance networkspower plantpower systemantenna or rflaserbaqi farig
Post!
I wear ur shoe ah...
Hi zit seng, the problem seems to have resolved itself.  Sorry forbugging you.  Thanks
Sent. Check ur mailbox now.
Ya cos he just sent -.- ... I just now check hotmail he also say henot going for.the meeting...
Leaving amk! About half an hour bah! If you want can go cineleisure first!
Just glad that it's over lol... did average I think... also didn'tstudy hard for it...
<EMAIL> , <EMAIL>
nai
Yup.
dun be siao lah
She take cert already?
Kk will do.
hav u done e 4221 assignment? How 2 deal w MVD in bernsteins algo?
Hi guys, I spoke to Arti. Is 8pm today a good time to meet?
+ <#> ..
Haha. Ya. Must b sleepy. Later got midterm. Uh.. let's start thedreaded project soon. Consolidate the findings and structure bywed?then we split to do the writeup?
I need you to be in my strong arms...
Still on the way
No news but side collision works
s quite sad.
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
Kal amrita ka birthday hai.
Ch0rh bhai kal chalunga
Lol eh ur the first female I asked to get c+ for tat.u just started a new trend.hahaha.ur telehuggy fren leh??
Ohh okay! Haha no dinner plans (: oh haha what did they say! Yupthat's mo! The prof is probably referring to another book, like isthis book also yours? (kore mo?)
Nxt friday? Im on lv again..Keke
Hahaha ohh try!!!! Nice! :D ryan is pro! Hahaha but so much like ucacrab!!! Hopefully can ah!!!
chou chou baobei, so happy u came today.hee. make me miss u already.
Get the door, I'm here
Dear where you
( <#> )  <#>
Eh.. paiseh.. I think will take quite long.. Ben's project got somebug..then nw they trying to solve it. u two continue with ur lunchfirst.
They will slowly die then there will be.a few that lives. Not surewhat my mum is gonna do to them. LOL ex
Son of picollo is picollo? Wth?
Hey i hear postings out online... Go check !
I watched puss in boots!
Whose DIS
we shall meet next day?
whats up man?
Do u knw how the othrs hav done?
<DECIMAL>  your house downstairs.
You do not have enough balance in your vodafone account.Rs. <#>  needed to activate this service.
Ohh! Hahaha I don't know, can book it you want!
Train lo. Mug
dear, i miss u!!! muak muak!
Post!
SUPRABHAT!!!
Yeah prolly! Hahaha I see I see!! Okay! Nothing is happening exceptppl dancing!
Oh but I washing tonight. U need urgently?
1230 I think... Not hungry...
That will not b enough to satisfy me!
Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
Haven arh lol... ya lo ok lah heck care lol..  haha u so skinny nvmlah! Eat more eat more!
Intelligent Sindhi.. Sindhi: Dr. sahab 'Plastic Surjery' karvane me kitna kharcha aaega. Dr.: 5 lakh Sindhi: Agar 'Plastic' hum de to..??
Yes, princess. Toledo.
Bhj dia bal. Hahaha bs ho hi gya. Khat,mazmon to khudi ho jata hai. Tashrio mai b mar leta hai banda
Ok. Can u add me on Skype or msn so I can see the stack trace?<EMAIL>  (msn) isthmus_ <#>  (skype)
Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
Haha I reach home le. Can I slot the form into your mailbox?
Hahaha it was a damn big font one also!! My training was fun haha omghilda tay came!
P.s.roy-natural disastr nd dr mitigatn,publirshd by iirs
Hm le dar hee
Ohh no i'm so lame I realise I took wrong train._.
Yeap! Ahh I realise you wanna go Thailand this year right? Omg sofast hahaha! I do chem until sian le! Hahaha go jio Rogerhahaha!!!!!!!!
K.k:)apo k.good movie.
Bhai nikla kya bahar?
Hazelnut mil? tea please! No pearls,  <#> %. Thank you!
lol OK. No problems :-) relax!
Okay adding!! (:
Yeah
Chepu ra
u free later?? k come my hse help me some pc stuff??
Really ah! So u going to come to my house to get them is it?
Ok
Oh i see. Walk ard lah, dun stay in e car.
HAHAHA LUCKY DIDN'T OMG IF NOT I WILL BE DAMN DISTRACTED BY IT HAHAHAI DON'T WANT TO STUDY TOO
Hee not so fast where u
Lols I at hostel le!
Lol must slowly pay off mah XD
Hope you enjoy yourself!
Good morning priya.
i in a jam and my bus go kiss the ass the some other lorry...going tobe late...
Evening? When are you free! Or we can arrange another day!
hihi want to have a drink at brewerkz this friday?
Yeah got it day.. awesome gift! :p Thank you!
Wow wow nice! From your local shop? Good deal man
go
Haha nope I didnt! YEAH OMG! you are psychic! Hahaha have a safe triphome! Did you catch the bus?
Lazing ard lor. E weather dun looks good to go east coast leh.
Sooo
s okay... If you r rushing for lesson then nvm...
Ya i might guess soo too...cos when i open...it says future version....
He bleached cos he wans to colour it w another colour rite... Dun worry la, wont b too bad one lor..
Same place in school
Call when free
Lol heng I said F <#>  lol. Heng you understood too
Not yet le... I dun wan cake! Very hungry le
2moro staying?
Hey... The melting pt. Is 132 to 135. I just remembered.
6 'n the evening. Can go b4 n book.
Hi
Can can. No prob. Haha.
Dr. Deewakar 1 < <#> >,
We at clementi then we go pick u now go eat. Ben not coming.
S :-)
Nice. Need gimme $ <DECIMAL>  more for rock climbing
hee.. hug hug my yeiyei!
Okay lo
<#>  min me pahuch jayega
Cal kr
What r ü working as ...
Im on my way
Oh thts gr8 c0lg kaisa he?..
Yeah same thing  <#> am
And mr tan, do we have a bank account for astronomy club to depositthe camp fees from the student's edusave account?
Sure. I am near the same. So if you are free come. We can discuss the assignment
Hi friend how are you? Have your exam been finished?
Watching kids lor... sad.. I wan do with u. Haha
Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable
Werewolves should be later part I believe. I havent seen them yet either. Wash samples o.O
Hey tasu u may gt mili0ns fr ur brain.. U knw y?.. Bec0z its unused :p
Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
At hostel wad...
U didnt lyk me talkin with any guy...after u told me to write only i askd ma frnds..u knw i dnt knw to write codin.then hw can i write
Wac wac
Hey... Saw ur eye candy... Ok la, thk ur previous eye candies beta lor... Haha, dun b sad ah...
Reached. Where u
I think I can make it on sunday.
Take care
Cao baby...sleeping? When you wake up call me, cuz im home :-) <3*
Never ever raising that pinky... touching rite
Yes, Telugu movies le..
seriously though I did get some reading done... how was Arabic?
5 stage
Ok hersheys for me. What kind u want?
If the walls had eyes, aye, they would see the love inside. They would see, me in your arms in ectasy. And, with every move, they know, i love you so
thank you!
I think if he rule tamilnadu..then its very tough for our people.
Hi:)there?
Hahahha
Boring. Whole hse so quiet. Watchu doing
Math honors test got  <#> / <#>
T.T... I tot I just now told u I pon at 5 sobsobsob lonely journey onthe mrt~~~ then wat time eating dinner? Where u want to eat
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
M0dm n cd lete hue aana and id paswrd b puchte hue aana
out ? will see kovan interchange. Take 321 there
Wow... Ü muz be having a great time huh... Im quite relaxed recently. Now wondering wat to do tml cos im on leave...  ;)
ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.
Nxt week mentor overseas I 1 3 5 free. I everyday eat nid food till fat lols
Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
Ya sure! Before  <#>  is better. I ll be back only after midnight I think.
Mug mug! Get home safe dear. It's so wonderful to have u!
iua m looking forward for that job :-)
I know! this is an information i must give so i gv .anyway u told me no? Valugble ppl hv2 b gvn information. Ha ha.
Haha yah! I didn't see it leh, prolly wasn't bugis then! Anyway Ididn't get anyth got either of us coz I couldn't decide HEHE sorry!!!
Ask u something ... U do ve positive plus plus feeling for me
Ok! I won't fall asleep! Got funny joke! Haha 2pm! Need to writeletters haha sian!
Hey where can I find you?
Satyam website doesn't seem to be working.. hmm
Haha. Take your time.
I am setting off now! Lol
The file's quite big so cant send. Yeah unless you got something else you wanna do?
Wow you go from gombak ah haha! Hahaha ok I am wearing clothes! Yeapin Korea!! The fish super cool hahaha nom nom nom all over heehee:P
Ok set. But mayb his even earlier
Someone took 1 of our Druses out
hotmail.com
Dunno lei he neva say...
Its k k:):-).
I will bully u no more
Actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
Haha. No. What makes u think so?
Hopefully soon. I'm going crazy.they only know less mis because ofthe movie and like one other musical out here. And the anime peopleare... scarce haha
Sure, can you take our the meat?
Now
It vl bcum more difficult..
Haha nice! (: wow ryan is tired today! Haha must sleep well okay!Haha yeah lor that's why:/my mum dun care de la. I think I told youbefore right she's not a very people person! Haha ohh oops sorry!!!
Wa with?
Hey when can u send me the point
On my way now!
Haha really how did u know? Which lab slot u taking?
hmm.. u me steffi ar?
Kakima k cl kre nao.
That's awesome! Who?!
cross your fingers
TaQ 4 te in4mation
For you information, IKEA is spelled with all caps. That is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. It makes me want to listen to you less.
Ooh I like the winning outfit from the design contest.
Reach home alr?...rmb to drink a lot of water b4 sleep...btw...i rmbmy timetable wrongly...tuesday i end at 4pm so i can attend the agm at5pm no prob...
Hmm wanna try island cremery? Haha
Yup coming now... Juz re confirm...
Can call me when you are awake?
Hey I'm still on the bus.. will only be there at about  <DECIMAL> ..how long is ur part?
Dear I find u in mac
Okay Fabian suggested next week at six instead since he's not goingsch tmr and I have lesson til 6. Do confirm thanks.
LOL haha he prolly just assumed everyone will be jio-ed!! I'm full! (: (:
I today going hostel put stuff ba
Kaha tk pahuchi?
Usb mang
Wha then u video who? School got so many ppl let u film? C first lor. Shuhui not watching w da ge mah.
Wat u eatin?
Hahaha yeah I'm coming home Friday night!
I'm not sure if its still available though
Faster come come. My yei yei!!! Waiting for u:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*. Hee.
Samoosa is good when u r ina mood to fart from the pressure of potatoes and its a wonderful expereince when you fart while u sit back after eating.sitting is again to be proper with little space for the fart to release...prrrrrrrrr......
Just came, whr ru?
t make it for badminton today.. somethin urgent cropped up last min. will explain to u tonight. long story. sorry sorry sorry!!!!!!
Nuh blood donation centre doesn't open on sat, if we want tmr have togo hsa, if i'm not wrong its at outram! There open grin 9 -  <#>  (:
Sian sad face
Ya...
Mai abhi  <#>  bje tk meeting me rahunga.
sharis,gen asks if we wanna meet up today.Ü free?Pls reply asap..
Congrats kano..whr s the treat maga?
You awake?
Lols vivo to the place need how long
Definitely not me
Redbull gives wings ... hmmm nxt Monday go gym then swim
I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
Aj coll?
Ohhh then still can sing?
dear slp already?
Sweety i m sitting on
Eh,dear want watch movie later?With my sisters.. the show is calledliar game, at 9pm..,
U took general bio b4 rt? How was it? Easy or diff?
<#>  :D
Haha nice! Our outing canceled hahaha
Yes damn tired. I was awaken by the rain and thunder, if not confirmsleep until 6am.
Wat
Haha its fine just the words that aren't from the dictionary that Iuse are gone! Like nus, macs and stuff! Leave at  <#> ? Why?
Gr0und pe aja jaldi
Daddy mummy wan canned abalone?
And i see zen here. Haha he isnt some big hair dresser. Just some small fry. I dont know if he does hair cuts
U've things on after the tut also meh?
Ok...erm ur cover page very fanciful...looks nice but if iprint...super waste ink...lolz....tink i print the cover page insch....haha
Lagging*
Han kaaj dala,2r ki?
dinner still on?
ok i ll send her the final ver asap then. tell u when submitted.
Can i go to ur hse during weekdays daytime, when u r working...to useur gym room?
Yes it is raining!!!
Think weekend better cos weekdays have to settle some stuffs
m so sweet rite.. i bought choc cake for xin, yummy..
Thank you thank you thank you!
No no just the first half an hour like that is a briefing ah! Therest is lesson! Haha coz there's  <#> + of us and one liu lihuihahaha. Er have la, got 4 lessons before the actual paper, this is thefirst haha, I think I will pon the Friday one haha
Errr oops shit.alarm fail ah.just woke up.erm.lol.
哇靠 nvr watch Batman before?
Went out eat nvr take phone. Waa buff triangle man. Ok 2moro jus do wad u do
Lol now you really sound like a male hater. The males in your life dezui you izzit lol. Fine. Then tell me about the irrational thingsyou've done!
4. Thks
Yes sweety!
K.
Okok cya
ma pls dnt 4get to tke ur meds
Can play one? Help install le
Lol imma playing mahjong just now eh. Nv check. Sorry.
Joey: yogi r u gal.
1 lana 2 nai
m going to be pretty late...
AFTER FADING THE PAST YEAR A NEW AND PROPEROUS YEAR BEING BORN.I WISH YOU VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR AND OUR GOD AND LORD JESUS WILL LOVE AND GUID YOU 4EVR SANJEWA
Ehh.. when u free?
Good idear
Then liddat go ws lah more convenient lol... we can eat at foodcourt... ask him for delivery charge lol
can you please escort me till bus stop cause that two boys are staring me..:)
Ha just cl me at  <DECIMAL>
Reach home le bao bei!!
Next monday
<#>  Reemo
K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
Wan go sundown marathon?
Chey that nice meh that area. Zoo sounds better :))
A very true bt strange quote:鈥㎜ove doesnt start in mrng& dsnt end in eveng.It starts when u dnt need it& ends when u need it most. Happy sunday :-)
Eh waitin for hl to end. But shdcan
Must have faith
Lols alright!
Want to send me a virtual hug?... I need one
S
Ah loft.
Nope not yet.
Yes ....i like it.just told it..my job designation is technical support executive..
Hey ger...err i sunday nite èn attached one.ñ only yest nite i feel a little bit more confident of it.hee-erm,nex time èn tel ü la.hopefully gd ñ lasts. n.n
I'm in a function
Kk
s ticket, c how much to bring...
Boring rule
The bus was full to the doors with people standing and sqeezed together lol
U tmr got work?
Lol ok I tot u say will be late? Meet u at the lift area there?
He came for ane before?
Lol paisey yday do tutorial then doze off.lol.how the cut video thing.lol.
Alright.
CHARLES IS WEARING A BOW TIE
Otherwise...
I'm okay. Chasing the dream. What's good. What are you doing next.
Got arh just woke up lol... reach home le.mah
wonderful bblg, slp le slp le!
Hi. Can u help me ask Wang gang if he is coming for the meetinglater? I tried messaging him but didn't get a reply
Also, we may be interested in a home renovation loan. Can you tell meroughly what the interest rate is for this type of loan?
SO IT IS
Let me take bath.
Haha lol later I not going chem lecture
Haha.. Every maths seems Sien to u!
xy:Tomw wat time u b in sch?Think me n shuhui meeting in sch ard 4. Then duno still can c movie or not cos duno if e rest wan meet 4 dinner. How?
Lol, slack 2 yrs loh
Huh? Which wk place?e day one.dun tink so.super small co. E telemarket.is low payin.startin pay 5ph.ñ for 2hrs only.ü wan meh?but i dun mind changin telemkt job
Nope no mahjong today.
Got a temp job
u oso going rite???
s very cheap in sydney....
Yeap I emailed right!
Thankx
Ok thanks
Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
Must settle by tmr hor. I playing mahjong tonight.
What?
How was exam? Eh when u returning
Arun can u transfr me d amt
Goodnight! V^^ hug (:
HUH then we go on Monday won't disturb him??
If I had teleportation powers I would definitely use them
Oh god-.-
m really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
Oh my word. I am a tired tom
Up 2 u. Then wats ron reaction?
Then we gotta do it after that
<#>  posb savings
Haha... Yah... I trying to find suitable slots
faizan kazi ka number send kar yara
Tm meet wat time?
K
I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
s actually 30... So young...
Hahaha the singing is a little off lah haha but otherwise okay Iguess:P can tell htoo's timing problem haha! LOL THAT'S SO SAD AND WEWERE TALKING ABOUT IT. IT'S ONE OF MY FAVOURITE SONGS BTW LOL
Ic hows that cube
Hai ranger n joy. How r u all. N ranger, stil remember me? Mgs my hplah. ;o)
Okayy its fineeeee :)
Good morning tothe love of myife!
Should I go find u all? lol
Uuuuuuuuuu. Kiss u la.
sara din kia kya ha...
Hi
Do u knw dis no. <#> ?
Hmm. U reaching soon?
I want botak!!!!
Hee.. happy  <DECIMAL>  years my dar dar!  Sleep tight tight! ! Seeyou tmr. Kisssss my dum dum.  Muacks!!
m at boon lay preparing to watch movie. Shall give it a miss this time. U so last min.
It ends at  <#>   but I have to meet people at 7... why not tomorrow?
U went ubin! Yea I also Emo siaz lol paralysed whole day. Lols 2moro go where?
Yes, was good! Looking forward to getting more work done :-)
Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
Lol decide leh.if u all all dun wan to go then I oso dun go mah.then I need to go school.lol.
No la not so early on a weekend. Going later though.
Haha ps! So I decided I'm not wearing a dress! Hahaha the event isnot that formal afterall! Hahaha we walked around Somerset do nothing!I don't know a lot of ppl from your level but just for fun la heehee!
Hi Andreu, good morning. How r u? Hope u r ok. By feeling awkward v may lose the benefit of our present situation. May the Holy Spirit endow u with serenity. Have a nice day. Bye.
Was changing the water of my betta's tank. Whachudoin?
Hmmm... u send my msg back to me...
I got meeting. At 6.30. about to leave.
Yosh wanna have dinner together, suggestions and cravings are welcomed!
Cannot. Got overnight cycling
Yeah so no point in wasting tears over it.
I nvr train for 2 weeks! Everyday ARP frm 9 to 5 ==
Yes u can. .but it takes tym to reach to dat point
Oh, I see...thought u r doing some voluntary service or something like that
Yes
Later 9pm at usual place!
Yo!! I'm not going night training tonight, very lazy:P going home bymyself! (:
yam cha tonight? sms me at my sg num...
Hmmm I going team de
Oh nope.
Ok i'll get the pasta and find you guys
Hee. Laogong laogong I home le!! Mugmug!!
Thanx a lot...
Haha fail!! What could you do i'm confused!! Hahaha she listening tomingwei sing!
Will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
s no lab session today rite?
Yea! Any food except chicken rice. Thks
Where u all?
Nub! Kick it la
Who u go with??
Or golden gate
Most Daring lines on d T-shirt of a guy on a date wid his grlfrnd.. "I luv u 4 pleasure,if u wnt loylty, Hire a Dog" ;-)
Cheh... Monday swim/gym?
Hi Ricky, thanks for your SMS reply. Sorry I've been unable to replyearlier. Our budget is about  <#> k, and we'd like to do up the frontof the house (outside gate) too.  Would a less expensive material workfor the roof?  Out of all the proposals,  we liked yours best and feelmost comfortable working with you.  Could we meet up this week tobring your proposal closer to a contract?
Ok!
KBC A  <#>  M
love u too dear! u get home safe too . i on bus le. jus nw saw somesoft soft slippers, got offer. ur mama still wan more?
High up in LT :)
Are you back for tea? Love Mum x
Okay.
What how can it be easy?! I hope I can finish revising in this half ayear lor x.x what omg Thursday!!! I finish on Monday ._. Wow haha actlI take coffee at night too, but I seldom buy expensive coffee likeStarbucks!
Post =P
You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
Haha.. I'm gonna be drained later. No choice I need tuition for allowance.
Okay then
Thanks yj
Just now starhub do survey. too bad no goodies...
K i am near jvc
Oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
Yea. 2day meet at  <#> e rite
Easy? Nid study wad
hehe...jus kiddin lah. relaklah
It is. Calling me back.
ll b late leh... Sorry...
If i 1 2 get my own password how 2 apply.
I see. U sold ur paddle? Oo
Helo evy1! Hw s evy1?care 4 a chat?
Ahahha alright meet my house 6pm. 我老母叫你和她一起大搭cab.
What about uniksha?
Me now workin in tangs. Come find me lai. Level 2 seed. -fion
Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes & fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
where u ?!?! we all here already . waiting for u
Y didnt tell d.. Tell her that its fine for paying late
maybe you can give me a call when you have arrived at dhoby ghaut.
Ya dinner.
Have no idea. Dont think we filled that up yet.
Hihi!! What time U all watching the movie?
Hee!! Dum dum hug bum bum. lg kiss lp. Hee. I so xin fu.
start hoi presentation
Again?
Evening u wan do wad
No u just have bad eyes.
Apparently. I knocked and grew frantically said "uh uh one minute!"So I just shouted that we wanted to know he was alive and me and Sarahleft
U do all in 1 nite? Oo
No
Tamp!
Yay!! Go home rest^^ haha dun la, going to be over soon! Haha yeahbut squeezy more close mah! Ooo ouch! Why you wrestle him hahaha! Wewent to eat just acia, now playing dn haha the rest of the roomplaying wow or sth!
Poke!!! So are you coming to school? Come leh, it's your last day!!
Dear good morning now only i am up
email id send kar do
Me at center column, last 7th row
Goi! Where in hostel?
Stacy should be in school I believe.
Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
Need me help dabao chicken rice?
Ohh okay! Ohh yeah hahaha shops lighting are always rather deceiving!We saw alot of ties!! You can come here find, its like the wholecolour range! only 8 bucks hahaha! Haha cool looking forward to seeit! Jyjy!! I bought a romper! two actl, one for prom haha!
No... I have a cold... are yoou?
Thank you@?
Wad kinda symbol is tt
Wasn't* hahaha okay I'll go think of malu stories!!
I going to get something...Haha kk cya
Ungeorefncd topo ta share e de
Oh iya ya, hari ini holiday. Lupa, soalnya besok musti ketemu supervisor, jadi perlu persiapan
Eng aur kaun se?
Ok hmmm pcspim good idea lol
No nd la...
According to fall out boy, I am fall out boy
hey
Happy Happy...
happy Valentine's day. haha. u gt go out celebrate?
Okie^^ see you soon!
u wanna go ktv or go watch movies??
Wru
HAHAHA AWESOME HAHAHA!!!!!!
Can help us get macdonalds breakfast?
But tts still a lot le. Gg my eng all c+ grade le
i hear ya...i just got 2 new jobs...one teaching english classes for  <#>  minutes ...5 days a week, and stupidly i signed a contract for another book...i havent even finished the first one yet...but im on chap.  <#>  out of  <#> ...there is progress
i bought a pouch...up to u.
Haha okay (:
hey slight change of plan.meeting at 6pm orchard mrt instead.dinner at nooch.can u make it?so sorry coz tmr afternoon few can make it.wat abt yun n huixin? -jo-
Yes it's simply the best. Why late?
Haha take your time eh.  <DECIMAL>  start mah.
Sale padai tor beba kerhi kel test he ka.
But does pulling them up manually work
U say b4 dat u haf ans 2 ST1232 exam papers rite? Can u bring the ans tmr?
Haha just bathe finish:P its ok ah I just decided to sleep for  <#>mins while waiting for my grandma then become v sleepy >< I think i'mv tired from today training T.T got alot of typo meh!!
Haha cool! I wish I had cool teachers:/ oh my my memory work isterrible:x haha got application qns? Haha and eat fish and Co!
I agree
Got ah
s wrong? r things alright?
Hihi just to check are you singaporean?? Need to fill in hahaha!
Cent bank- <DECIMAL>  idbi bank- <DECIMAL>
Haha^^ goodnight dear ryan v^^
Sir, I am on the way  <#> min.
i dun mind gal
Miss u dun need say one mah  <#> /7 missing u ~~~ ya lo nvm gotlaptop lucky lol
am coming to office
Have to check. Dunno it off hand now.
Are you in sch now? I need to pass smtg to you...
Where are you?
Haha slashed until your leg also kena eh. Lol
Lol ok.
Gals...I cancel e hsewarming thingy cuz exams coming. Aft exams den mk up to u all k. Sorry 4 e inconvenience caused. Boohoo....
Probably quite late
At lim chu kang...
032-7-777777
Hey will you be free for few min tomorrow at uni.. I need to ask some questions regarding the VLIW tute..
<#>
Are you free on monday?
Wa u liddat ur extra 1 k finish soon lol... haha I also try beforethe sample =p... yeah just reach school lol...  dunnoeh tink so
am new here.
He with his whole family my friend. Please get something fun to do next week.
hheeehee...only if you buy him a beer Im sure!
All smal fight creates big affection on frnds. always laughing does not creat true frndship, sometimes fight, cryin,scoldin, al makes it thick. Hapy evng dia:-D
Playing ball
Spl charcter? Y so?
hey,ü still working?or ü working till when?i was thinking of joining amore.heard of it.it has yoga,pilates,gym ñ dance.ü interested?
She says hi!
s bdae... At west coast park... Pls msg me whether u r goin anot...
Epudu cheyamantav?
Where u now
Eh u got try install pcspim in ur own computer? Mine cannot extract sia
Hmmm up to u both way also can lol... u choose!
What? I not free to plan.
Oh kk
Oops sorry :p i got something like comment on the trend of teens joining song/dance/band contests weird shit
Ya lor, only yest.. At science fair ere, after e sports bazaar... E sporty and cool type...
6 ho gae. Islmaztn mil gya
Happy new year to u too. Kahan hai?
Haha must be nv eat lunch again right.
Hey gals...U all free to come to my hsewarming on 24th oct at 6pm? Add is punggol central blk 295 #12-517.
Haha i'm going sch also what! Can you ask Daniel for me where's the dry run!
I lost 4 pounds since my doc visit last week woot woot! Now I'm gonna celebrate by stuffing my face!
Anything lor up 2 u... Dun buy anything too expensive...
Haha I just board the bus from np only. Think will reach about<DECIMAL> . Take your time bah.
Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
I asking her. Waiting for her reply.
Drar nite nite! Muacks!
Emo. If she too often u aggro her agn
m frm PJ.u? r u wrking?roy, how old r u?
Yeah got it
:o serious?! I couldnt remember! Omg.
Thks
Tmr 8pm tuition can?
m at alumni house... How?
u at where?
Hahaha youre soooooo drunk :-D
Yeah with me.
Just finish burning paper
S maga..
R.T.B. (Reliable Tutors Buearu)   A- <#>  , 3rd Floor Main Vikas MargShakar pur, Opp Metro Pillar No  <#>     Phone No  <#>   <#>  , <#> ,<#>  .search karo
Hey mei... U noe how long will e inauguration last tmr?r u goin?
Give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know.
Ya.. u also?
Call
Pls let me know the preferred timeslot for mno <#> . Thanks.
Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
Test
Hey, can we discuss cs2105 tonight?
s 33 bucks in popular...
Yeah that might help. Be careful when removing the front panel. Mayhurt your fingers lol
Haha, just what I was thinkin
re at centrept...
O im gonna eat first
Wah like tt ah. Then got proj? Then overall e stud score good? I mean e mid term
Yep it's  <#> ... see you then.
1's free cal me
Remember to bring your laptop along too for backup.
So late? Then nvm eh
Reach le!!
Sometime next week i think .. They ll send a announcement.
Uhh so when are you going down/are you there already ._.
Daddy,I going out. No need buy my lunch
Haha. My grandmother died this morning. So I dun have to celebrateChinese festivals anymore yay!
Meeting me hu.  <#>  min me cl kr rha hu.
Can you pack dinner for me? Just curd rice
ve other things to attend to. Just wish to pass you something... -- wl
Sophie, paiseh, vivien and Joel also want pull out!
In a meeting
Okay eh. No worries. Still alright.
My back still aching. The alphabet exercise dam good
Lol can can. Wait for friday to arrive first. I need to relieve mylappy. It's too full le
Ah I thought you ll message when you are ready. Sure, I ll come  <#>in 5 mins
Ms lee aggro
Will u be working on the file i uploaded ytd night? Becoz i'vesomething to add on. If u're, then i'll add only after u upload yours.If u're not, i'll add to my file now.
Yea
Ü still attending da talks?
Also track down any lighters you can find
Good morning princess! Happy New Year!
I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
Hokay!
Sweetness,  will reachat  <#>  muacks
Thanks! Hahaha I won't! (:
I tink Vivien will buy her own stuff?
thanks for your help. i am very obliged
Do you need some nail polish drying spray? They are on crazy sale in Aldi!
Sianz rah.... haizzzzzz... then tml see how... lucky this lab dunlook hard... like just follow instruction lol...
Kk
HQ then haha.
Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
hee. reach home le then i go bathe ^O^ tmr can hug u more more le!
I l0st dat msg plz send agn
Hmm..Eat wat?
Okay okay, u send to teck guan too. He'll be printing. Thanks alot!
I am joining today formally.Pls keep praying.will talk later.
end le?
This is the answer 5+3+2= <#>  9+2+4= <#>  8+6+3= <#>  7+2+5= <#>  a*b ie 7*2= <#> , a*c ie 7*5= <#> , (a+c)b then reverse it. ie 7+5= <#>  *2= <#> .reverse  <#> .
I love you too. I decided, rent and into the woods when I get home?
Yo my guy... What's going on? Tried calling you bt seem am not able to reach your line. What app with the documents??
party at 10pm at my house.
Just landed, all good
Am coming from home
Haha the one Connor posted?
Haha later if I find got eh you will owe me 5 kois.
You ll wind up jussportz by the weekend?
Oh serious. I just remember I accidentally del all my contacts fewmonths back.
Boy:Make a road from India 2 USA.God:Its very tough,ask something else.Boy:Make a girl luv only 1 boy.God:U want single or double road 2 USA.....鈥〢sama endha ponugala epdithan. Good morning.
When college starts timing.
Ugh hopefully the asus ppl dont randomly do a reformat.
really distant. Duno what 2 say 2 them. Even Shiying I also dunno what 2 talk with her?
Candy say u changing it rite, so I'll just delete the version I uploaded
Haha alright! Thanks anyway!
I am great! How are you?
Haha I think the lunch I ate never cook properly haha!
pick my calls,its very urgent
Haha>< okay! Haha coz I have to do well for exams! I wish I had moretime! Yup  <#> ! Oh no I forgot my lab coat!
Eh wanna come out for dinner? Me and deckie in suntec
Which suburb did you want me to head to first?
Oh then  <DECIMAL>  see ya
Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?
Haha I was just about to sms you to reply me when you reach home! Somanaged to catch the bus?
s in...*hugz* =)
Hihi yuhan and herngyi, sorry but ms teh just called me to tell me wehave to do two presentations to introduce our sch and Singapore >< canyou help me prepare and present one of them? Asking you two coz yourJapanese is much better >< ms teh says a mix of Japanese and englishwill be good! Please let me know if you can help me with this,thanks!
Hey, just rest early lah. Frankly speaking, if the song is not reallytml, we'll most likely adopt another idea. Becoz of time constraints.So sorry abt tt. Haha.
Are you serious about this? We have to talk.
Yeah and it doesnt seems to help you at all about knowing your own condition.
please dont make me do that
Nub! Kick it la
Lucky i think u r not always dat free.. Hee..
Friday should be till 9pm?
When you are free on lunch write me, I wrote you, you are in my thoughts
Hahaha not next monday, coming monday. I have lessons from  <#> am to <#> pm. Probably I meet you at 1pm?
Boo what time u get out? U were supposed to take me shopping today. :(
I'm glad!
Haha. No need to be stressful lah. I've a feeling he doesn't want tohelp us to integrate lah. He just do his own part n then want us tobuild on his parts. But to think of it, now if i add my part into his5, u also add, laura also add.. Then it's still not integrated wat.Haha. Think sylvia really damn emo also.
Call call
I AM AT TABLE 6 YOU DUD HOW DO I DO THAT LOL
are u in bed already? I just reach home actually
Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
K no prob
Kaiez... At left side again hor...
Woo hoo! I'm SHTILL translating this French poem :O
You eating lunch at home?
Say smethng abt sd
Bhai kaha pe he
U're taking mno <#>  also ar? Haha. But it's the afternoon class right?
Icic...how about b4 ic engine lesson?...over brunch?...or u dun wantto tok about it?...
Or next time your fren can talk to my bro via icq lor
臭!! Do ur thing first la.
Hmmm... Reach there at 1? Cos my sis goin oso... U wan to go somewhere near my hse den can fetch u oso...
Yea. 2day meet at  <#> e rite
Wat ü doing now?
hey i think i will go cut lah. Ü think can get slot at 2 ?
Uhh i'm already in bugis junction so just call me when you all come over
Oh ok I tot we r meeting for rehearsal this wed... ok cabbage then
Ur bout wad time ok??
Lols okay.. but everyone going le! U sure u wanna disappoint us
Oh I got that all sorted out! Calarts has my transcripts. I'm coming                              home Friday night :)
Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
Haha hao bah.
I prefer my free days... Tues, wed, fri oso can... Ü ask those workin lor...
Ok cn i get it nw...
Haha yeah>< wow haha I wanna play too! Hahaha nvm lah this is fine too!
Now on my way home already...
No la just wanna learn cool stuff frm here and there. Breakdance andparkour all too hiong for my body. U le interested?
Y ru angry on me
Ps was busy. Erm I will send to lim TT by tonight
Oh when is the latest we can order
Nope. Dont think got problem.
Kk
Ok
Not staying over, but may stay until  <#> h
forever.. jus dun drink too much lah
Hee yes!! Muuuacks. Marsling le
What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
Yo.. still up? did you call me just now?
Haha aww. No koi.
Call me when u reach... Hi bert! Xuan here :) see ya later....
Yeah haha
K
Oh OK. Is there wifi?
Hi Neo Im M 32 Pg - 0164383150
Dear people, if you have problems with your pwa, andy ng is availableat  <#> am in his office.
Hi.Where r u frm?Care 2 intro?
I forgot there are 2 more lines, so altogether is 4 major parts. Andthen some small little spare banjos. As for the copper washers, Ithink they are in the big square box underneath my table. If not, Iseriously think ws derrick know which are the ones suitable.thnx alot, and rmb to give him a call b4 u go.
So have u gone off? Lol
Call when you reach. Am in room. Got the food
I dun wanna kill another one. Yea its awesome, but must pick active de
Hey any luck with the sing pass?
Ook tell me whn my wifey slps
dear wakeup alr?
Nxt time la. So little ^^
You eaten? I am so hungry. But meeting now... And my acne got worse
Yup sure.
getting the girls dressed
Xt got midnight movie. Fabian got things tmr.
Haiz... U r rite... Pple will take e bottle one... I cant find it oredi..
What, I don't get it! XD
Lol I know! We got a cold front. It will warm up for the weekend tho. It was <#> 2 days ago.
Cos darren say ü considering mah so i ask ü...
s sth fishy between her ñ a sakae cook. Heh2- we shall interrogate her.ñ puppy can threaten her too.haha-
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
On traon le dar!!!
Alhul
Tell her now itself so that she can arrange in next month.. Dont tell the day before u want
ah ok. I thought I ll join you.. so I ll come separate?
Hi, what are your results?
Are you coming
Haha ooo! Icic is it nice? Haha dowan! it'll make me look short!Hahaha if I ever go is probably only to check it out bah! That guyfrom my english group, I dun like him. Haha I'm not cute lah! If noteveryone sure jio me le right:D yup he is! Now still in the hall,sitting at the back slacking! Kevin slapped feyra and pushed her headagainst the cluster gate..
Oh? Then you going back home?
That one I also wanna ask u ! I dun understand wat is that qn asking!
Okay... Cya... We are intending to buy bikini
Well I think.. except I feel asleep once I got home-.-
Lol I was thinking of yeowxiang T.T then math when
I haven't gotten to play much but I will super soon
Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  <#>  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
Hey im on my way home alreadu
Jus sent ya
.
Oh no you disappeared!
Hi Tracy, perhaps we can talk tomorrow.  If you have any materials onyour bank's loan packages,  perhaps you can send to me by email at<EMAIL> .  Thanks!
Doing wat now
Wtf I study so long till before diffraction gratings le T.T
Ahh I will let you know soon. Wont be that early I guess.
Dunno leh.... Mich suddenly send me tis msg... I dunno wat is she tryin to say leh....
Should be.
I see.
So u coming at 2 later?
Oh it is made intentionally to rhyme wif ur sentence =p
Ok.
Lol help me check please. Slow 3g here.
Hai
Be careful on your way back, u still want to know the "orange juice "story? Or another day?
Not sure, why?
I'll come at nine yo!
Hah in wat way not nice?
Ok thanks!
I feel you. We're united in pain =(
Aftr 9
Go yh house
If you can't it's fine ^^ Mike said also if you and Nick wanna comeover Thursday you're welcome to ^^
Halo Esther ...
Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome
my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
Yeah, lounge
no need
WYLIE ALLEN
Oh why you need that?
Okay! Thank ü
Haha... Maths can de... Just keep practising early. Like now...
Hahaha see how! I dun want to wear those two dresses to a prom:o
Ah yes im sorry. Lol loh jing yi right. Yup her form is with me.
Hahaha ya lo ok see u.
Did ms lee say meet there?
Stil i cnt tink wat hapend 2 my malli andrew?i nd him a lt n he shud b here,im searchin 4 him.notin hapend 2 him...g.b
KBC C  <#>  M
Hi, it's alright. I won't be able to meet the deadline
aiyo!! today so whiny. hahaha. nw ur lp smiling dumly at the phone
Typing in perfect English really suck -.- lol... took me damn longsia... nvm lah owe u one then Tue send u again
Hee  wont miss my stop de my baobao!
Hahaha!! yeah I will prefer to take in sem 2 also haha:/ haha yeah sotroublesome:/ what thing so heavy??? Ooo icic! I dunno what it's likehaha, timo tay used to play! Haha cannot concentrate):
Hi Shyan, we've decided to take the loan from hsbc and have alreadysigned the paperwork with them.  So no need to continue processing ourloan application.   Thanks again for your help! -Min
Lols  <#> ! Can slp  <#>  mins Hahas. Eh my math honor teacher Wang hai bin!
Nvm tell her i took 4 times to pass, so as to consolate her. Aiyoh, i dun want my hair longer than urs lah. U also look pretty wif long hair.
I am d volunter in carpidem
Until you're here?
Good night.
Eh xin u got any frens in linear algebra? Cos i dunno which lect to go to...
BANK
yes yes. free show? tanwh on the way back.. shld be reaching yishun ithink. drag tanwh go also. hee.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, PULL YOUR EAR! XD! May  <#>  be loads of fun andlaughter! HAPPY HAPPY TWO ZERO ONE ONE!!
Ehh report where ah?
Lols! Nxt time then
BROWN WATER IS CLEAN?!?!?!??! WHAT WHY HE SO SMART
Hahaha $ <#> .
Hi Andreu, I was at asembly. So wishing u al the best at 2days work. May God bles u along journey. Have a nice day.
Goodnight...sweet dreams..God bless, take care..:-):-)
I am not having her number sir
Ooo okay thanks! (:
Ps. Den they all ownself go?
Huh then wat ü want frm me to satiate ur desires? Ü
About 8 to 9
Can you help me print some documents? I sent them to your hotmail already.
Yeah i'll be going over soon
Don think so,
No..its ful of song lyrics..
Bllleeeehh
Tmr v crowded leh, weekday go la...
oo.. with him?
Kk
Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
Huh... Haha... That bad ah... Which colour was it supposed to be that meant that? Blue or pink?  quite interesting, where ü got this from.
Ok jus put me for anything then :)
same.. basketball, and books.. haha.. not much diff lor.. u still working?
HAPPY NEW YEAR MY NO.1 MAN
Hi li mei.. Gud mornin.. R u attendin fr 2dy's techup seminar? Is it compulsory?
I end lo. In  <#> .
我们可能要看到五点。
Ask timo!
yes
Mm umma dear
Cairo then near to town, and the river..
Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
Than what your class
Runuwal nagar, siddhivinayak bldg, c wing room no7d manoj chawan :  <#>
Hi, Li-En here. This is my new hp number pls note. =)
Lols Ryan will be late le. Need gothere ourselves
Bhai th0di der bd try marna na yaar wo pura tym th0di na khada h0ga waha
Orhhhh scared tio.I tot nid submit lo.
Brb
Laopo, I'm so glad and lucky and feel so pampered that I'm yourlaogong! Many sweetkisses and tight hugs for u!
Anyway i moved off to terraces alr
hey, i'm waiting you. where r u?
DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
hahahahaha
Any work?
Astro vincent  <#> : Hello. You need me to meet you at clubhouse tocarry the equipment together with the helpers?
Watch jaya tv
Yo ladies, if the movie changed to wednesday night, who's on?
Hahaha btw today I cmi for astro eh. Got extra duties :( btw can youget Vincent to call me? He's unreachable.
Want me to come visit?
Wch game u gav to hm?
Thks
doing project
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
Are you there.
Yarrrr sadfaceeee. Nvm we can take e same lectures and samu exam!
Matti pidi mone aa sms oke out of fashion ayi
Haha there's a long queue so if you all are not lazy you can gofirst, just let me know where you all went so I can find you later!
Haha have fun! :D very cool, all nobellians in the cp room except forone faradian!
How crowded? Den wait lor...
HAHA I heard that before!! I went to buy lunch with my dad!(:
Laogong!! I reach home le!! Uuuuuu? So tired today. Must sleep earlyk! Hugs and kisses
where got blame u sia keke like tat ppl can go home early le u stil got wait 4 parents huh then hor better dun slp late not go for health
Izzit... Shuhui thks so too...
Sorry I on my way le
Hahaha what you guess!! It's true!! You can ask my friends HAHA.
miss u
R we playing hoops saturday
I'm at the pool hall
Black and white approximately  <#>  rupees, vat <#>   <#>  rupees,black label  <#> , teachers  <#>  rupees, back piper  <#>  rupees, old munk rum  <#>  rupees.
Hey, can help me buy server? And give me ur account num. Transfer money to u.
Break this.
Haha.. no ah. Next time cannot say I always come late le.:-P
<#> months
Yeah da. 3 today.
Aud ask whether tmr going to ghenglai house ard 5 for dinner i think..
Ricky martins a gay. U knew? He acptd in press
Wow>< how come so tired! Haha raghav talked to me about you haha butmy friends were using the com at that point of time so I didn'treply:x haha I'm going down to eat lunch now! We didn't haha, I justwent to sleep:P lessons start at 3!
Oh okay. He still havent meet you all?
Soap case lol okay
Gal can u call 97900425 if u r stil awake nw cöz i wana ask u abt our assignmt
I haven't forgotten you, i might have a couple bucks to send you tomorrow, k? I love ya too
My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
Babe !!!! I LOVE YOU !!!! *covers your face in kisses*
Boy; I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli 1 mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano;-)
god
I broke off with pranjal dd u know dat
Well, never mind la. Next time we put less water lor.
Intrsting to hai..har jaga wara hua hai
I men where's fab?
Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
Po pa'
Fwd: Hi i've sent out an email regardin cip. Pls help spread the msgto others in ocip group -charmaine. Help me send to emman
Lame
Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
See you at
Wish u a merry x'mas :-) !!! Yvonne
Hey dun mention it! Glad that he's happy. Thanks for the treat too!Next time call u da Sao already. Haha. Jkjk.
Dont know..why?
That's why i told him, the earlier we see each other, the better.Don't drag liao. But he's quite persistence with e fb n sms issue. Sowell, i've no comments. Haha. Let it be loh.
Thgt u lk to take fotos one...Really, mei mei la, nvr bluff u... Anyway only 1 pic, dont worry...
ll b takin sia lor... 11 rite...
Okay!
2day not staying?
Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
Oh yea...u still have the essay u wrote for sss?...if u still haveit...can email to me or not?....thanx a lot...
m taking st and lsm this term... Gem might take next sem
Ummm a little lateish if possible, I'm gonna see Michael's parent,and my house? Anywhere's fine really ^^
hihi
Hey I later cant play cause after movie got supper. Paiseh
Haha I think it's alright eh. Because I dont have time to meet them too lol
That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
Lols I call my pinky buddy!
That's for nat lol
Wat abt ur friends, can borrow from them. Ok wish u gd luck shopping then tonight then tell me if u got any nice stuff
Rply me ra
im 27 m ch hw abt u gal
No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
That is wondar full flim.
Hi Stewart, thanks for you and your wife's help today. For the unittoday, how big is the footage? It is  <#>  in land but what in builtup? We may be interested in giving an offer.  Thanks. Also, when wouldit be available to start reno?
I am going to see movie now
ard 7 .. go near ur hse there ?
LOL CHILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Thn leav it.
Okay!
Hi
Oh? Then where's he hmm..
Its stupid when u ask this qns in a jap laj <#>  class to asingaporean student in the class.
Haha my finger got stuck leh! Haha her???? Are you sure?? Haha youmanaged to catch the bus so fast??
Can I meet u at  <#> am
I took for u bedsheet le
Terryville!!!
As usual, the grandpa starts his story.. "Oru oorla oru Raja...", The grandchild says "Aiyyo... indha Spectrum kadhai enakku theriyum thatha";-....Good mornin
crowded.
Wat game?
we  discussing  whether is it a need to be so big or not
Cybermind  <#> gb  <DECIMAL> in buffalo hdd. Also considering buyinganother seagate expansion  <DECIMAL> in 1or <DECIMAL> tb if theyconsider selling both together cheap.
Lol eh I m innocent clean boy dun corrupt mi.hahaha.eh u got plans or wat?eat non buffet cheap food?
Almost there
Hahahaha nvm la.
oh haha ok may be i will a bit late coz duno when will the bus come
Darling sweety! Morning misses and kiss for my girl!
Too cfm with u when u be free for next week?
Watch vjay
K..k..
Haha the durian de okay I guess!!
What r ü working as rin
Hey ya i finished .but sir told to shw a demo..so hav to take it in pendrive tomorrow..i left ma mobile in d rum itself dats y cant rply u..sry..anyway thanks a lot:-):-)
Yo call jeff now and ask him to join us tmr morning.
Customer place i will call you.
Haha i'm leo.
Kay lor... No prob...Ur parents dun let u chiong one meh, thgt they allow... Anyway, when u free den tell me lor...
so sharis, why not you think about it and let me know your final decision tomoro morning?
Omg I'm sorry I've been pretty much KO'd
Hey little held up. Will come by  <#>
reformat already
Hey u done ur case study
No! Sianz still wanna gym de. I m disappoint
Intriguing method explored. Bring our minds to explore other nonconventional materials
Dear :-(
LOL I found it on the floor! He said it will make you go crazy!
Nw cnt
Ohh omg two random ppl tried to contact me!!
good morning
Oh.which temple?
Hey ikkkkks...
Today ur lesson wad time to wad time??
Do wad? I quite shag though
<EMAIL>
Oka
Eh Joel and I continuing
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.gud nt ...tc abhi - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
Waa strong shit! I cant wait for exams over siaz
You do what all you like
Edison has rightly said, "A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM,GN,GE,GNT:-)
Ok sure.
Ok.. I am outside your lab.. Can you come out for a sec
Hi
So how's work?
You're up early =o
Ki dorkar bol
Yup! Time to edit man! So how was ur training?
Haha I dun know leh really!
always smile
dear father. sorry for what happened yesterday. I promise to be more careful next time. i cherish you dad. Thanks
5 more mins
Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
Yup, chibi is awake!
Got jasmine ser and me... still got a few pending
Your hotmail can access google doc? If not, u tell may one that canaccess one becoz she's creating a google doc.
At ur house? Cause jellyfish said he may need someone to help himplay in case he too tired?
Mr leong im reaching bendemeer in  <#>  minutes time, can I meet youto collect the forms?
Hmmm..k k:-)fyn
Thank you ! Wish u all the best in ur exams !
Oh oh... Kaiez... Comin comin...
Lol alot of people
You there?
Hr sir askd 2 meet b4 this monday itseems!
what abt u? what r u doing?
Honors B+Major A
i love you :-))))
Should I? Or will be too late?
Eh when and where exactly is the training?
wanna meet on saturday for dinner? after tat can go zoukout if u all wan
Can't pangseh class
yeiyei gd morning!! i go sch first. hee,think u nv charge hp. poke u!!~
Okay... I also dont feel like going leh.
Five min home
Juz bring lor... In case we need to change...
Yeah sure!  What time?  And where?
U got count not sia.lol.
yo might take me a while to do this. So if she's in school anytime Ican pass her personally.
K
Hi all, we are meeting at 9 in pgp then. Do join if you can. Rameesplease confirm.
Wth wat exam
Old age
Okie can... where we holding the meeting?
Me you too
Karyee tmr how?
LIKE SMALL CONC OF BROWN STUFF. SO SMART. HEHAO JUST WATCHED IT
Too much da.u only told na u vil send.so nw i got lap frm unna
Wth father day 3rd Sunday of june
Lol
When is ur st and lsm lect time?
At 3 da..
Haha I sure hope so too!!!(: hahaha i'm not really hungry! Why do youfeel out of place?
Kk np.
Save ths railway alert numbers for safe travel in train for ladies. 1) <#>  2) <#>  3) <#>  Pass this msg 2 all the girls you know and even boys who have sisters and friends. Your one valuabl sms can save a girl's life Pls frwd.
<DECIMAL>  ghnte soya hn bc
Okay... At least got pass... My turn next sem... Sian...
Ask ü whether tmr ü free... Can we go visit millian?
<#>  -  <#> 鈥?? <#>  - <#>
K dats wat i told u.i hav never askd u any help frm u..first tym i askd u for dis program but u didnt.i trusted u a lot..u wer nt intrested on dat day itself wen i teach u dat problem
10 min later k...
5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
Ok, thanks for your help.
s thurs 6 plus, but cant rem e exact time,so can u help me to check?thanx!
Going for dinner.msg you after.
HELLOGORGEOUS, HOWS U? MY FONE WAS ON CHARGE LST NITW WEN U TEXD ME. HOPEU AD A NICE WKEND AS IM SURE U DID LOOKIN 4WARD 2 C-IN U 2MRW LUV JAZ
Darling jiayou. Now must do book chap. Love u so much much big big huge huge.
Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
Yeah <3 <3 I just wanted you to know how important you are you me <3
Yes..
Night night, see you tomorrow
Morning sweety! Wke up le hee
It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
Yes you lazy asshole that is so lazy to come my house.
where are you lost
Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  <#>  starts in an hour
No not yet
Haha. Chey only one or two times ar. Maybe he expected u to replythank u bah. Haha.
Haha orh! what are you now? I'm listening to symphony  <DECIMAL> !Haha what my voice isn't exactly nice:/ haha yeah lor! Oh no! Hahahaspam dl aft exams:D
Ok. Wat u busy w?
Take le
Hmm can Lik  <DECIMAL> ? I nid to collate into ppt slides
How I noe sia I also not them lol
Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
Oh he came back what the haha! I have no idea leh haha prolly around<#> ? What are you confused about! Hahaha what is it about? Chesterplays vindictus!
Are you ignoring me?
Haha okay!! (: hahaha I wanted to see you mah! Haha okay! Sit on theright (: (: go home safe! I said yo to my grandma then she yo me backhahaha!!
In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
Lol so she wnna scare all tge guys away with her old photos? XD
Eh?  <DECIMAL>
I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
Hey wanna meet for dinner later? Having chicken rice.  <DECIMAL> pm @potong pasir mrt busstop
Pls soh how! Pls pls pls pls salmon set
Come to lg safely k. Kisaes
Really? Cause I want the moon...
Aj chal to chal.. Kal kisne dekha he
Evn im.
Yo dawg i'm downstairs
Me jordan, what take u so long to sms my hp number
Abt there.. plus walking ma.haha. but shld be juz nice.. we stilllooking for eating place
Lol. PGP to biz = yih to biz. Take shortcut from Cl
<#> - loves u  <#> - wants 2 mary u  <#> -mis u  <#> - best frnd 4 u  <#> - ur real love  <#> - life long with u  <#> - hate u  <#> - not real love
Hi all, i'm at com2 dr6.
Hope so...
Serangoon garden got chinese food? As in zi cha. Nice anot?
That's really weird :/ haha whatever
Thank u, i will call u when i get feedback from the client.
mamu usne comment nai kia balke mujhe message hi send kar diya ha
Hey genson, it's confirmed.. next meeting is 1pm at com1 tmr. (Wed).Do have some materials ready to discuss the preferred topic. Thanks!Seeya.:-)
Yeah hahaha!
Really! Set not?
No d
West mall!! The first floor there got a printing shop! If not canalways go bras basah or queensway to check!
I don't know if Audacity will work but that's my best bet
Haha that's good. Heh dont lie to me eh lol.
Nah, too much work to rush and i didn't watch part one lol
Fwd: Hey odacker!pls help me pass down the msg and remind everyone tohand in rock climbing consent form if u haven't:)
Dunno but no choice he very dirty... Then how change back...
Admiralty lo
<EMAIL>
Kk
The Word 'Hello' meansH=How R U?E=Everything all right?L=Like 2 hear 4rm U.L=Love 2 C U soon.O=Obviously,I miss you!Good Morning my friend.Jigee
wah... like that not fair man...
ll be late, ard 745 maybe. If u all reach liao, go take a queue num first, i scare a lot of ppl.
s ok. we wait 4 u.
Hi I send le thanks!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok i am on the way to railway
Ur frnds took video of vignesh's talk!
Are you guys there?
Ok I try. Time?
OK confirmed. Same place..  <#>  tomorrow
Wht r u doing
Sorry mr tan, I was sleeping since 9pm. I only left compiling thelist to be sent to you for loft.
s so funny... Enjoy shoppin gal...
Sounds goot! :) talk to you later
Sorry that took so long, omw now
Yup we got!
<#> (:
Computing people in reading room got talk
Braddel station lor... Wat time can u reach?
はじめまして。 私はWhitneyです。どうぞよろしく
good bye
Rly? Went tis morning he nt there
No idea. What time you free?
Yup.
Haha. It's okay!
Wa how come? The cost all these wrong arh?
Haha dont know. Juat sound so familiar coming from you. XD
Nope not them
i will come at four later
Happy fourth love =) I'm doing homework and guitar haha, you?
If you mean  <#>  minus 3 its  <#>
You're welcome!
They say they got publish their number in newspaper when they haveopening for project, it's their research centre! Haha yups hope canstart soon! Ohh no sorry sorry!!! >< I wanted to talk to you but Iguess I was very tired ><
Love u too Dar
How come?
ASK SKYFALL
Hey, ya I received. Thank you very much!
m on the sub bus already... Thanks
hahah... lalalala... thanx man...
Sory dear. . .the lines are not clear. I cudn't hear u. Will call u back shortly!
YEAH HAHAHA MUST BE THE POWER OF HIS CARDBOARD TIE
Sa all out for  <#>  singh 4 for  <#> :)
A few people are at the game, I'm at the mall with iouri and kaila
But so fun to see!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Upar kaha kuch hai?
Haha some lolita ish thing! She is just zzz. Haha she stays in hostelon weekdays! Haha okay eat well! Spencer is behind me lol.
Yesterday already go ask liao... Just wait -.-"
Eating in hostel?
And yeah I finished my exams le :D
Whoa only now? I am gonna bathe first.
Alright good! He seems like a great dude to work with. Please please                              please let me know if there's another opportunity like that in the                                 future!!! Thanks so much for considering me
Anna did u check out abt my stapeler?I need it. 'nee viththu thinnutiya' :-) *Send D2D SMS @ just  <#> cents with Budget SMS!*
I wait for xyan den go pick u k.
Me n ron meeting 2 go buy something. U wan join us?
I m male. Hw about u? Boy
Bout  <DECIMAL>
Lg reaching northoint  soon le
I will need to depend heavily on david. He's been the one getting themembers in the previous semester.
I'm hungryyyyy
Erm team name pohcrastinate?
Ok. Thanks.
Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
Oh ok i'll send you updated code after lunch
If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
I was juz joking on the earlier sms when i said thinking of ü......  hope ü dun get pissed....  Hee. Cos i realised its kind of irritating to get such msg...
Yup! They got sell.
$ <#>  the fish shop. Yes the pump with filter.
Ok...
Hi suchang sorry! Can you help me summarise tencheer's part and putin conclusion? Sorry my internet connection is like gone and I haven'tdone much anyway so ><
Aye. Near Cl. Should reach in ten
m abt done k...
V r at ragama  <DECIMAL> am
5 min break now ding ding. Remember to eat your lunch sweety
Okay!
Post!
Mine also until quite long T.T... dunno up to u lo... wa liew shejust send the slide out lo no background no animation lo wth...
Yep you said "most".
Yup am at home.. you? What bus ll you take?
Hi. So I meet you for dinner later. Where do i meet you?
Where you dear
Y so Emo just now
Hey. I asked my Fren to print for me n submit already. Sorry for scaring u
K give u at cca?
I noe. But u training? I jus trained lols
Hey gals.. I got into ntu biz.. Haiz.. Will be separated fr all of u..  :(
Had food ?
you purchase travel-sized options or just transfer your existing vouchers.. so that i can go on break:-D
Then u drive lor.
love u dear! reach home le! hee
Im volunteering yo
Good...
Yeah my toiletmate is from choir!
Haha okay! But I don't want to be distracted by laptop>< haha youdon't feel tired meh! Hahaha okay just jiayou for eng! Haha faint!What an explanation!
Oh okay bah.
C how lar...
I jus left. Now on bus le. Kk ttyl
Wooohooo! I want to jump on u le.later eat good one
Wat la... Y u kp sending me wrong msg one... U msg who huh...
Can also but lunch will only b ready at 1 smth 2... U hungry?
With all my stuff?
Wah Simi Dai ji.go oversea tour ah.haha.
Hey michelle are you free tmr morning?
Haha fun mah! You should try it sometime:D haha emails like appeal toread bio hons haha!
What time are you ready
ch8 show at 9pm was prolly going to be translated as "Courage Loyalty Integrity Trust" until they realized they were going to use initials
Oh noes okay okay im rushing down naooo
Haha thanx... I dun tink i can join ü lah... Got match then
Yo! Both of us want brinjal, potato and luncheon meat! If no luncheonmeat then sth fried is ok!
Coming cca?
s go and watch soccer later Ü  happy huh..
Aiyah, we go out eat first den decide later lah.
Hey so how is the project review? Anyway tml u before 2pm got breakright? We can discuss the math assignment
Ohh>< still haha>< nope I'm talking about my com! Haha idm ah, but Idunno whether it'll be late for you!
Hey, fri u all prefer to meet at  <#> am or 2pm for the rehearsal onfri? Yammy, u're doing the ppt slides also right? Teck guan printingthe reports n slides tml.
Ps. Need help msg me
Laura doesn't have class today ar? Haha. Okay i can help u all dodirectly when i meet u all. Just tell me the requirements. However, ican't reach at  <DECIMAL> pm. I'll meet u all at 3pm? After yourlunch, u all can refine other things if u all have lah. Don't wastetime to do validation, i can help u all. Okay? Tell me the venue onceu all found one too. Thanks.
Starting! Waiting for ppl to come hahaha!
Lols yh sj not in?
THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!
found them le. hee. get home safely dearest
Fail la...
Kk...u still going to change when u reach there?...
I meant more pro. Haha.
In the er, roommates came with me, love you
When?
Hime le Dar
Joey: r u fr india?
Lol thanks
Oh okay. Nvm I try makin kite then!
m not cuttin short hair... Juz wonderin if shld try short fringe lor...
LOO SORRY. HEHAO WILL BE THERE BY  <#>  WE'LL COME BY  <#> !
Nt nw., low btry...
I go already huh later call me lor.
Y don want
Lame! Won't la
I'm wondering oh.
What should we do about the money?
Ariund when are you coming ?
Okay oh.
Eek. It's been warm here for weeks now. I don't think its gonna get cold here again.
s house on Sun? If U r going, I can pass to u during that time too.
Please come home soon
Shuhui say go chomp chomp eat. Then aft t mayb go movie or ktv. Later she pick me ard 6 then i msg u.
Haha I got  <#> % for biochem, B- for essay and B for compre, then<#> / <#>  for chem hons haha, oh wells! At least it's almost over!
U goto class 'l get in break
When pool close??
Computer bn gaya hai. Total expense 2, <#> /-.
Truman. How was it
Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
Tough.. can't promise. If its too hard, I ll transfer. Msg me youraccount number
Will finish 6+. Call you then.
Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
Is that how bad I am? You'd rather work than be with me? I don't even know who you are anymore!
how much is it ?
laopo eat till full full le! yummy round round also! hee. dear eat le ma
re gonna die.
Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
Just want to see my schdule...if there is something on duringwkend...so far only got ah gong that day only rite?...
Ok i let u noe.
LOL ARE YOU SRS HAHA I TAKE UP TO  <#>  WHEN I'M SLACKING IN THE SHOWER LOL
Im @ matrubumi
Dirty! Later the wardrobe smelly
Lame den u still ask. Waa like tt wat time end
Sms'ing you as words cant express certain things when spoken.yOu are a blessed person and i felt lot of divinity from the time i reached kanjirapally till now people came from somewhere to help the kettu nara process.God bless You Vilas.i pray from my heart.swami saranam.
Jus finish bathing...
s still the same one.
Haha yup!!! Ooo ask your friend go!!
Orh! Take @ shower and rest abit k . Sleep earlier today. Dear
if you aren't here in the next  <#>  hours imma flip my shit
Kiss me somemore too
what is h <#> ? compare h <#>  with sip
kk, thanks. i just added u..
I want to see it!
I am on the way to ur home
Tian ah lol
Christmas is An occasion that is Celebrated as a Reflection of UR... Values..., Desires..., Affections...& Traditions.... Have an ideal Christmas...
Ya la ya la
Anyway holla at me whenever you're around because I need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
Ok. Aiya he's getting married ma.
Thanks><
Megaupload 4 person, each abt  <#>  ok or not?
Intensive outpatient ucsd
Cos i want it to be your thing
Materials like  <#> . I cleared my electives already, combustionengine hard, I wont do it yet.
Nope.. Weird pregnancy with no cravings! Lol.
Dear..r u sleeping
Crazy defntions: 1.Laziness? Asking lift 4 morning walk 2.Craziness? Get blank paper xerox 3.Honesty? Pregnant women taking 2 tickets 4.Dehydration? Cow giving milk powder 5.Fashion? Lungi with a zip 6.Hope? A  <#>  yr Old person purchasing a life time sim card 7.Fact? Ur smile 4 my sms
We testing out the games for now.
Sure.  Meet at home first?
Woot okie then got  <#> pm de but so late u still wanna watch? If notthen another day le lol
Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
Happy birthday 大姐!  <#> th le ah muahahahaha
I got B+ for 3214, B for comp sec and C+ for calculus.
Alvin chia transferred $ <#>  to  <#>  for assignment A5t2.
Arigato gozaimasu
Oic. Wah she's so good. Come to sch for dinner. Haha. Nvr call huyand irene. Haha.
Im busy.
Yo I reached le.
Wont be able to go. Lots of work.
Cos my sis told me her class end late so i going to get e car from her.
Haha... Kaiez... Was thkin of not goin too, so useless...
s e trend now! Sigh how! Was still thinking of letting my hair grow long!!
Wher you goin
Serious? U not englek?
Tv pe to likha ara hai k sb mhkmo mai chuti hai
Hey gls, please make sure your participants have their breakfastbefore bringing them to lt <#> b. Thank you! Be at lt at  <DECIMAL> amsharp please.
Yeah lvl  <#> -K7
Civil
Hey hey.  This friday im going through the draft proposal for ane. Ifpossible I hope to see you all at Lt <#> a and wish to get yourcomments. I still have loads to plan though.:-)
This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
Heyhey can u make urself free on Thursday and Friday? Odac outing atsentosa on either day. Truman here Reply thks :)
Np! (:
Merry xmas andrew aiya..may al ur dreams come tru:-)
Ya but e package diagram looks damn amatuer. Haha. Confirm need abetter one. Can ask kajanan on that.
Aaj aa raha he kya khelne?
See you in
Kk. I wait at coffeeshop lo
Hi there?
Hougang plaza
Means pay 2 times ar?...sg custom oso need to pay rite?...u noe in sgwhere can buy?...
Yeah,later ,
We still on for tonight?
Do u want to include the comparison table we did for presentation? Ifu want to, send the word document to me so i can include now. I doingsome minor amendments to the report before sending it to joyce.
Hopefully it's positive.. Thurs cannot.. Ben got lecture. Plus Isigned up for the Ruby development course..
As in, he gotta finish prom montage tonight, so he prefer not to go!So if got ppl to replace he will be happy to!
Hahaha! But if you're gay I can't be your girlfriend! Hahaha coztoday sat aftnn bah! Hahaha ohh right forgot to email Dr Seah for you!Shall ask now ~
has ur name written all over it. I think u should sms more often,I think it likes u!
What r u doing
Yeah one sec
LOL pig!! I saw Khor Karyee at bugis!!
A1  <#>  and  <#> . Cochin  <DECIMAL> .
Whole day will be gone I guess!
Lmao in yo u dummy!
Wahaha. U very knowledgable sia. Btw, see teng n i going to theresume n interview workshop organized by mno department. U all wannago? At 2pm.
Ya lo sob sob sob... nice arh although not ice blended... wat drink uwant? Becos of in?
Dont wan lah, let u all go pa tuo.i free doesnt mean e rest will b free.
Thks
Hello bring dish washing liquid down when you come:D
He driving today?
There is a tiny scratch on the screen. That's all. You can always take a look.
Dont b in a hury. We'l wait
Nvm la as long as it can still eat
I don't know the computer here isn't working =/ if you guys want youcan probably bring stuff dowb to the front =/
Kernel soh, when will u be at hostel?
LOL <#> degrees here!
<#>  mins. Sorry
=)
Why t sad face? Ur friends haven come is it?
Haha but I slept until you came also! Haha yeah wow it's crazy long!!
Yes dear! Awhile more. Kiss u! Pring *
m also very BUSY person!
No lah at first she dun, den tt why she ask u.
Time to poke my beloved yei Yei!!hee love u! ! Pring *
Yeah called le.  <#>  people :-D but you all going ntu until what time?
Can, do you have the lyh folder we shared last time?
any tit bits over there?
Haha nice nice.. I am going after lunch.. will be back tomorrow..
Hi can u email me whatever u have done 4 proj by tonight? Then we all meet tom durin lect to discuss?
<#>  in mca. But not conform.
Lol nope. Haha then you accept the job bah.
Will come in  <#>  mins.
Aw crap I crashed out. Now my sleep is really gonna be off
Neh but took my medicine.
Eating out?
HAHA SO GAY HAHAHA
at orchard cineleisure. its really good and really twisted and beautiful
Haha awesome, I might need to take you up on that, what you doin tonight?
Hahahaha last lect.then u later go scold the fat girl b4 leaving.haahaha.say she very noisy throughout the sem. Haha.
Dont pick up d call when something important is There to tell. Hrishi
Seeteng nvr take the mod before.
Haha who's that?
Oh ya... 5 plus get can?
Yeah!! T.T its unglam ~
LOL salvaged my dvd?
Aw its ok. Just ask for help. Your a guy so nobody expects u to know anything.
Kk :)
Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
hey that girl that tiem with u was our  1105 classmate ah ?
Yeah I will! I'm going online later! Psps!
Ya.. inside. Just walk in
Great, thanks!
Hey the class is at  <#> .
Yeah yay!
Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
K k.. Going to hostel?
HELLO ARE YOU IN SCH ~
SA  <#>  FOR 4 AT STUMPS.
Yes...5 at winston hse then...
Msg 1490: from <df501e0b21bc88cc1e464dd95bf722da8865851c93267498> , to<250c5bf324c49948a409ec3a79628cfa> , "2010.11.21 10:01:29
Capgemini interview download app  <URL>  send to  <EMAIL>
K d
online
Anything also can.. u taking bus back to interchange?
Hee. Chou yeiyei! Rest early ok!! Muggles!
break for dinner. i am very tired coz just too hot that why tired loh. if you also tired take a nap dun too tired ok bye
Okay
She fetch u to where? Where u nw
How does it matter? O.o
Cme da..
Ps I 2moro can't go
Yup. I have it.
HAHAHA AND I CUT YOUR HEARTSTRINGS
Yo ladies, Rapunzel is meeting us on this coming wednesday at thecathay  <DECIMAL> pm. Definitely we have to meet for dinner and playsome cards eh. Alright see you then good night! (Message was sent tohl, jm, lyn, cally & ruyi)
Y u call ur own name? Ya lo sob sob sob... lol compile abit now lolater go back then compile lo
eh.. need to buy ticket ah
where are u now?
Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
Neh I was sitting so comfortably. And the bus has travelled far faraway from there le. XD
Hai..how is you
Actually I now also can la. I'm just going to go off until they tellme its impt enough to go back.
I DUN EVEN HAVE SKIRT LEFT my goodness haha ok choose for me, fbt orshorts I wear at home? Yeah finally did ._.
In chennai:)watch captain tv now :)so fun.
Yo, you in stock?
NO SMS NO CALL WHY..? Don't U hv balance? Its OK.! I wl send Rs. <#> /_ recharge card Atlst msg nw no: lllllllllllllllllllllllllllll scratch here with blade
:/
Woo okay coming over soon. Just woke up.
Bsktbl nai.. Crckt khel0ge?
Oic... How old is ur dog.. Next time ü bring it out la.. Hehe.. Can disturb the dog. Hehe.. When ü get must tell me le.. Hehe..
Gmadtj
Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
Wat abt u ? I knw tat u finsh ur stds ?
Hey can help Eman photocopy rock climbing form?
Datz up 2 u. I tld my openion.
Latest update for today is  <#>
Orh sunday meet wad time?
Yay :D
Shall we meet for dinner next sat then?
Come down.... :-)
My drivin will end at 420 on sun... Guess we can plan some nite outin... Gee...
Abe chappal dek laude
Hahh hopefully. I wont want to go home early.
K
Ok. Noted with thanks.:-)
Alright.
our parents are loved and cared we when we was child,now they are like a child, so we want to care them and love them
Yeah.. I couldn't even find open stuff anyway lol
What about you?
I sign HP next Tue de lol.. ya going now lo lol
Camping at S6A class bench~ 4sq.com/ loljk i no 4sq
s ur target now?
No carrot cake. Bought satay beehoon for you.
Any news?
Uhh ok lol
Location,age,gender pls
Whachudoin?
What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
Crowd undu huge crowd....but not like season crowd...
Tx anna..Got it... If u can pls rep bro dinakaran saying thanks... Bye da.God bles u... *Activate RingIn Tones,type RING & send to  <#> -Cond.apply*
Ask timo!
give me a call when you reach
As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
Eh then I go home now eh?
I just woke ! Slept  <DECIMAL>  hours !
Wth prank! Eh set jio me go ur new hse
Surej brot first 2 pages xerox.hw bout u?
I will be arriving at
Depends on whether you going school ba... weekend I can. I ask shaf ba
Why need to eat? How to eat the powder'
Hi.
Wa now u must wait for me! I will be reaching around  <DECIMAL>  T.T...
Eh.. now is this rate leh..since she email us now should be aroundthis rate. Highest I think about  <DECIMAL> ... last year then got<DECIMAL>
Jia you on your assignment! ^_^
Then u just go ebay create a user to sell should be can le.
s presents... Ü call us when you reach town? Bring my photos too okay?
Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
Yunny...U got printer at hm izzit? Can u do me a huge favour?
Ok... thanks
K. See u later then!:-)
Msg 54: from <3752a4ca0fb31b06b860fa9bc47d8df487f52cf1f07d98dd> , to<8c0a99aa600c281987f52cf1f07d98dd> , "2011.10.01 09:39:25
You can do what you want babe, it won't hurt me or you
Can you help me check out the price??
Hee.. Just wake up not long ago. Going to office soon. So u having ur lunch now?
Eeeeeeeeew omg yx used the mm thing! Haha come sch find me ah:D
Dont have to apologise. Mistakes like this are acceptable :D
Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
cIm on gloucester road what are u up to later?
Then how... Or u wan c next wk... Dun say anything...
wru
Poor man
Uth hi jao ga. Calain mar dein agr rep na kia to
If you wanna go to like comedy shows and stuff I'd be totally down =oI just don't like movies, other than that fair game =P and there'scheap stuff around
Lol it's already like the top viewed videos all . Haha
I'm going out for dinner, you want anything from wcp?
Hi ricky, any update about either the gold paint for the house numberor the paint scheme? Don't want to have keep asking... thanks
No
Ouch!
Ya...going to intercontinental hotel...need to take mrt to bugis...
No. Sry.
<#>  is my number.
Lols?
Yoyo inorg quiz is tues or fri?
Hmmm... U goin? I c if i got test e following wk anot first k...
Did u manage to print e resume? If u did, rmb to bring tmr okay? Haha. Thanks.
Its fun! :D
Ya
Juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... Can? Dad went out liao... I cant cum now oso...
Where you want to eat.
Soh eating where
Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
Happy New Year to All of you. may you experience Peace and Joy and God's Graces in your life and that of your family. From our HOME to YOURS.
Im here liao! Hee.Centre portion.Near e right aisle. U? Jia yöu
All done. Waiting for you.
1din khuda ne muzse sawal kiya,dost ka sath kab tak chahta h..mene 1aansu samndar me gira kr kaha-jb tak tum is ansu ko dhund nhi pate tb tak.
Oh... Haha... Den we shld had went today too... Gee, nvm la... Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... Scared hiphop open cant catch up...
Meimei, I did well. =)
I hang all my earrings one...
He come for wad? Trackers running? Oo
Wts serious going police centre? I dam lazy on comp sia see how :/
Hee.ok! We go buy together. Enjoy urselves!! And get home safely. :*:*:*:*:*:*
Mum say no need to fetch her at 2... She call ü then ü go n fetch her...
Sunny, lea same age mly f.mlysian 2. Wrkg or stgyg? Me wrkg.
Ya. Ok, thanks.
Hee. Baobei bidding on weekdays only, so no need to worry. Muacks!!Love love you!
Hahaha ask her scan! (: haha about friendship! Omg its damn gay thatmy bro likes it x.x
Maraling le!!! Heee. Wait fr laogong!!
Riste Todti H GfInsan Ko Tnha Krti H GfNa Aane Dena Dil K Pas Kabi IskoQKi DIL Se Dhadkn Juda Krti H gfGF meansGALAT FAHMIyarGrlfrnd to achi hoti hai
ANGEL u fall slp liao izit y no response frm u.i still waitin for u ok.
Hey, then why not we postpone to a weekday? Haha. Got a good place atlittle india which i want to intro to u all. Price wise cfmreasonable.
m still at novena station. hope can reach. I nvr late before. =(
Thanks dude! And Congrats maybe? Haha
Oh no taxi? Why fight? Not really,CSI is more like solving crimes, <#> is more of agents solving national crises over a course of one day.
Der
Ok. Just drop me a txt if he wants anymo info. Thank u
Oops. Just now talking to my sis. Left the phone outside. He is thesame. Nw playing maple.
can, but will need ur login id and password.
Which one do u bring ur dog to?
Merry xmas!
Can u download any program n gimme
Wish your happy new year.Romes.
ok!
Naice. I shall name the mantis MAMBA. Is he eating
Hi Andreu, did u c those places? Dady has pased ratnapura. May God bles u.
s ok lor ..
I tell them é corrected time liaoz...
hee. my baobei so blur. i tink i stay home today. got another reportdue friday.hee,love u lots!!
Oh =( =( =( =(
u wat time end?
Yo my trip got postponed, you still stocked up?
Go for arp wat thing
No she didn't reply
When are you free yo?
Kk will message u when created.
They took all, but im still here for you :)
Hey lynette, sorry for this abrupt message. I was doing the budgetand i realised i dont have the updated games for amazing race. Pleasesend to me when you are done, thanks alot! :-D
Haha... Hmmm, meet u at giordano?
Hey please give me a call when you are free
Ok its not ne its Joel swee lin
Haha zai shuo bah.
Huh.really meh.lol.I noe its tougher cos now the easier stats got integration.last time dun have.
Okay>< hope she is alright! Haha didn't sleep the whole night?
See how? No time already eh.
Yo you managed to wake up?
What do you mean? Haha not very appropriate for him haha
i dont have a job
Ying hi where frm intro pls
Haha. Okay sure.
How much i gave to you. Morning.
Haha  <#> th lo.
Take ang pow n eat lor. E shopping area open during new year?
Come b2
Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
Eka goda damma machan.. No worries.. :)
It's ok. We'll hold that off for now. Thx
Serious where?
i ll never do tis 4evr :-P
Not sure leh,depends on what they are doing I guess. Yeah try the first ep!
Hey dude r u navin?.. D Guy frm mig usng d id prince.navin
hi jing sheng, huiling here. sry i just saw ur email . sent the worddox to ur email alr.
Haha it's okay de, you should sleep more! I think I shall findsomewhere to sit and sleep haha:P thanks >< I owe you alot haha><
Sat and sun. Come! It's free
Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
Huh... those portions are actually pretty big huh?
Ya lo... u really dun intend to go arh... like that must do one moresia... haha good for u then... can enjoy the show in peace le
Okay
Hihi people! Lessons start today 4 pm at meeting room 4 next to hodroom! (: see you!
Xiao long bao buffet anyone? Monday night.
Hi Moboy! Pls call me 0166305681
hmmm.. ard wat time?
Nop he pee into t shirt and squeezed to drink
XP*
where u?
Lol ok
Hahaha minus tenghiang!! Green, yellow and pink!!!
ok.. u reach school let me know? I camp in engine
thankyou have a nice day
Help me dabao? I got arp
I am going to collage will come late don't wait for me.
Lol okie I go find u!
YAy!!! ,muuuacks
I know. I'm so sleepy. I think I have rls or something.
Sailor moon!
slides mere pass nai hain.....end problems ka abid se pata ksr lo
My name is Sharis How. Female, 18. Hp is 90487664. Sci fac. No sailing experience. Email: z_ilches@hotmail.Com
Buy supper for mum
Haha.. But true la... Ladies does make a diff. For guys anywhere is fine. Unless u wan long and stylist.
Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
Yeap. <#> .I think urs is <#> .not hard to find a com1 on the list.LOL.
hahaha cant wait
Nvm la a lot time
Haha next time I teach you! Hahaha I dun want grow fat!!!!!! ): hahamaybe I dun know! They said I was sleeping haha:P oh wow but that'scoz it's an added privilege for shaohao's dad's job right! Ntuc memberwill get Costa sands cheaper also haha! Yeah>< I can't wait to see youtmr!(: jyjy!
I haven't withdrawn today but I have the  <#> . I'll get  <#>  thenwe need  <#>  right?
Sim de lo. Walk in~
Buddha how r u?
Oops i thk i dun haf enuff... I go check then tell ü..
0k
Tamp!
Haha. Okay. Paiseh. Thank you!
Now me Ronald loo and Shaohao one team
Idiot dat same is d unna program
Sian haha I dun know how to but even if I do he know how to use proxyhaha! The trolol song! haha yes as usual! Haha he see his resultssince p4 le also no use! How much time omg:/
Kuch nhi. Ghar pe hi hai.
Sorry, I can't help you on this.
Near window then table lamp.not near enough. We have freezer here.
yar mere pas to nai ha project fayaz ka send kar raha ho
I at aia now.. u want to come? Haha. Got free coffee /Milo
Nope haha nascans! Ohh right! But I can't go in!
Camp near top row be prepared to activate anytime
v^^真的没选错，喜欢上一个这么关心我的男人～！谢谢！
Yea its okay. U weren't late yest
She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
Sure.. V sorry
no
JUST A MISTAKE. GOOD NITE.MAY GOD BLES U
HEY I just received additionl indemnity forms. Help me add on one Sand one M for helpers
Hey sorry I didnt give ya a a bell earlier hunny, just been in bed but mite go 2 the pub l8tr if u wana mt up? loads a luv Jen.
mc gd wad. can rest at home. u mc till when? that time i ask you gowhere meant which company u audiying for.. coz wanted tp see if canmeet up mah.
Want to meet on Mondays before the lecture for discussions?
Yup. Thk of u oso boring wat.
Mic
Mera najriya aur soch ladkiyon ke liye hemesa alag hota hai, ya to phir mai unke bare me sochta hi nai. so plz don't ever hurt me for girls. Don't repeat sorry.
Hee. Orh!! Ur papa so friendly. :*:*
Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  <URL>
I got a job
O.o ok lol.oh its beside the main entrance there.lol how u always can find weird place hahaha.
hey gals,anyone of ü know how to knit a sweater or know where to learn ñ get ematerials?
A boy was late 2 home. His father: "POWER OF FRNDSHIP"
Ya need u buying? I wan  <#>  plus
Haha yeah he's a pig. When he in good mood he's nice ah, but cannever get him to study one srsly. he study 5 mins later confirm sayfinish liao then dunno what else to study, my mum tell him what tostudy he still insist dun have. Haha yeah!(: I dunno, for all I know Imay be spoilt too you know! Spoilt by you! Haha yeah true true! Ecomost impt haha! Yeah! Oh but usually just cheese and butter! Heheokay:P what are you doing now?
Yea
Ard 515 like dat. Y?
It starts on the  <#> th but 1 week of blocks
Haha. Sayang u. Tml mk ur leg k.
Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
I fell asleep:D hey!! We could kbox as practice!!
Gud
haha my job haven't start yet so not too bad! (: where are you now?
i jus wakey.. so did u buy tbk, how much is it?
If no tuition u wanna come??
Hmm I'll ask around ba
Okay.
I tell you when i done. Should be soon
dear
I'm coming back at  <#>  heehee:x
laogong nite nite_!! ?_?zZz
Side ones
Lol im still thinking to do it or not haha
It's a text file database with some command line unix stuff. No GUI, sorry
You are late yaar
Kk
Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
Rly?
Hey.. u free tmr?
Hey today after  <#> pm free mahjong?
No :(
2day not going
Woot.heard from Jeslyn ur group <#> gd sia.
Ledu room lo una
<DECIMAL>  meet clementi platform later ok?
Hello
As in still doing samc lo
Haha! I typed my goodnight msg until I fell asleep so didn't send! Morning!
Ok haha ps I didn't check phone was watching TV! Hahaha you're prollynot evil, just gay hahaha!! she say coz I do before liao rather mework in another industry haha ._. On the way home yet? (: haha oklater we write the email send k!
2 days only leave.
5009, 1014, 1000,  7717         $2  Big
Lol jkjk I was using AYE msg as template
Yeah np.
I thought u found player le, lol
You awake?
Hmm I try then but not sure if free. U can try catching during breaks lmao
I think her method or something
We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...
Hi Desmond, this is Mr Kan of 4 Verse Crescent.  Thank you for takingmy call.  We'll wait for your contact tomorrow, and will be happy togo into any detail regarding the carpentry.
then sunday.. wat time u can?
Its difficult 2 forget one who is close to our Heart, Bcoz they make a mark on our Heart that mark always pains when we try to 4get Them. Gd nit & swt drms. Bin
s time 2 wake up gd morning...
rents mayb interested in it, I hav 12,000pes, so around £48, tb, James.
U go enjoy e hotel lah. If u bring then u tell me i bring e memory stick
That's great news! I understand from Alicia that the JMBR vanity onlvl 2 needs to be redesigned, just checking that this is still thecase?  Thanks!
How r ü going to send it to me?
Where u now
Woah you checked your account already?
OF A BLUE NOOBCAKE
ok. better apply leave from S1
lg, i at meeting room 5. hee
I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
Ok! Mon then! Around say, 1 to 2?
Ya la... Of cos collectin la... Wat u wan?
Hey leslie, I wont be able to go shopping today because I dont haveaccess to the storeroom. The key is with david and he will only be outtmr.
Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
Gud nt.. Tak care
Wru
I'm fine. Hope you are also
I gonna be late by half an hr!
if u ask me the same qn .. i think i will give the same ans also ..
Wan come down eat dinner
The one he gave back last thursday during the combined class..
Hi.兔day我这个兔生兔长的兔包子 want 兔 send u this 兔年贺词. Hope is not 兔early.兔gether with my family, i want 兔 wish:?事业兔出, 兔然发财, 兔飞猛进, 兔气杨梅, 鸿兔大展!Have a blessed lunar new year! :) enjoy your long break! :D
Ah okay! (: I have alot of extra food at home!
Hi. Did u manage to get ur functionality working?
I know! What a relief. How was your day?
Sorry thur i have something on..
K.k:)
Valga JanaNayagam:鈥┾??〢ppa->CM鈥㎝agan->Deput CM鈥㎝agan1st->Central ministr鈥㎝agal->MP鈥㏄eran->Central ministr鈥㏕AMILAN->Ilichavayan..鈥︰LAGA TAMIL CHEMMOLI MANADU 鈥??(Our tax money  <#>  cr waste in just 5 days)鈥??d 2 all other ilicha Vayars.
Hahaha how can I be as fit as you now!? Hahaha huh!! then not fitwhen you in ns how? Cannot match then what happen:o haha yeah i'm sucha pig I was playing it until forgot the time!
Ya. Exam review
U also dun sleep too late hor!
Yea vertical marathon
Keep me also some cafe on the 5th goodies :)
I juz said ü also looking for someone to go...
Wat r u doin nw,kreen?hey,y neber reply 2 mi wen i sms 2 ur number?
Ps I 2moro can't go
Sorry tonight having dinner at home.
Ya.. okk! Nite nite
Wishing you a wonderful week.
Ohh my we reached the coffeeshop that I came to just now! Faint haha!Eating roti prata!
K comin
Oh wrong call.
Hey will be late. Meet ü at 5 ?
Oh Haha never mind then what r u wearing by the way?
Eh I go take shower first.. talk to u later
Woooo I just want to buy toto.
Got it
Btw, how's gary'a results? Haha.
Hi, I'm interested in your Villa Verde unit. Can you tell me thehouse number and street, and the approx built in GSF area? Thanks,Min
Ya I didn't get either. They told us they would be giving early offer right?
Ruby
Hm... Cause we're kinda distant ever since i sounded out that i'm stepping down. Would like to hear from u how u're feeling and how u r affected
Yeah xP
Eh nope. Hp needs to have the disk I think.
We haven't have a chance yet. We'll be meeting later n most probablycall him too.
Lols mayb imma swimming too lols.oh nvm then I go do art le ttyl
Will do.  Thanks.  If we want other sink or wc than provided thenwhat's the method we should follow?
Oh. So when u taking me shopping? :)
He scared of us issit!!
vickie, tell your mom to leave d gate open
Ooo haha english too!!! We have the exact same project haha ._.
Haha!
muacksss! of coz read ur mind.hee
Ha. Bht bada ho gaya hai tanki ab.
Oh shut it. Omg yesterday I had a dream that I had 2 kids both boys. I was so pissed. Not only about the kids but them being boys. I even told mark in my dream that he was changing diapers cause I'm not getting owed in the face.
JOKES: *Dr: I am sorry 2 say dat u hav brain tumour. Pappu: Thanks! Now I can tell my dad dat I hav a brain. * The SHOLAY toons. FREE videos at  <URL>  Ad: Know about recent business researches from Wharton, sms IKW to  <#>
Cal cheyala
Yo! A size  <#>  extra long, not sure about the color
My mentor's father in law passed away, she's only going to be backThursday haha
He fetching ya :)
<DECIMAL> ....haha....total after conversion is  <DECIMAL>
He will, you guys close?
Research more on animal fats, fischer process and talk about maturity....
Sweetheart sweetie now waiting for train le
Orh! Hee. Can't wait to see my baobao n get my hugs. Dear want to eatanything?
Ok. Thanks
I hope I wasn't unclear when I was explaining everything!
Hahahahaha im only joking eh dont like that lol. People here toostress up on doing assignments, entertain a bit leh lol
Eh can sign us up? Yuquan say by Tmr le
Ah sorry it's tmr ol
Ya mch better now. No more vomitting
Spend time with people who think, speak and feel the kingdom of heaven. There, the opportunity of flying is much higher. When you are with people on the journey, you recieve the touch of GOD. Have a blessed day ! :-)
Just ask you i am still at airport
Poor me still using 8310. Haha... nsf are the poorest boys around. So are yr exams over yet?
Hehee. Good things worth the wait.:P  still not slping?
And you are spamming me with your sms lol. Iphone show off ahhh
No wahala
Hmm no but can transfer. Where do you stay?
Call me now
How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
Han oy
Reach le mah? Have fun!!^^
Yup... Centre pt all small ones leh... 300 pieces.
Perhaps after 3pm ?  Tentatively, since our child 's  schedule is notfixed yet.  Thanks!
Hahaha yeah that's why can only meet up a few times mah! Haha I dunnohim, it seems like he downloaded new games to play to kill time LOL.With ryan! But the bak kut teh was only so so!
Where shall I meet you?
9 hours, 6 magazines, 3 return visits
Later u drivin to sch or papa fetch?
No have. Jus finished dragon boat.
Mo
Yep :D
Hmmm okay then wed afternoon, around 2? Where you wanna go for lunch?
Did you get the drawers??
Dont give mick ur hp no
Hi, what's is TsOH used for?
Twh here. Ok la so much celery choking
Behind simlim kelantan lane dunno blk/unit try asking around
Better than I expected! Yours? =D
Can. Happy new year!
Hahaha icic! Ahh haha sorry for being so blur XD
KL
Lousy. 2moro when fly
Hey can I meet you this friday?
later...lol!
Quite ok... Cant wait for my inter unit soccer match on fri. Life is quite gd in camp for me now. Wat abt ü? How have ü been? Haven seen ü for LONG time...
Yay!! Good boy just eaten
Sharis,tmr how?confirm by tonite can?dun worry..we r just drinking.not dancing or wat.i dunno how to dance anyway..ü
Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
Yea sup
shukar ha
Ya hmmm. Book everything! Gym also can
Oh.. I wud hav attended bt i was n call
No it's ok thanks
U FREE NOW?
Hey are we going out tmr
i bought your notes, ur laptop is mine.
<#>  min me and varma.i want brkfast no way i want brkfast
ok with me!
Tml u wanna go or not? I got my eyes on what I want already.
Haha abit eryi! Ohh wow:o good timing! Next time leave earlier okay!Haha^^v happy chibi is happy!
Omg can you tell your mum I love her!!!! Hahaha I only want cucumbersthough is that possible hehe:p like in the veggie selection I mean!And I can pay!
Good morning princess! How are you?
Ok wait for lg. Muacks
Ya. Waa go jailbreak la
Papa ph0ne karo
Coming out le
Dunno? Lol
Hey, did karen ask u to work as exibition agent?
Ok np send it over I put them in
Haha wont be out de. If out then I buy your itouch from you.
Ahh haha nvm thanks anyway! just rmb sophie have:P haha ooo are youstill in sch? Can come with me! I have everything!
Yes.
Nw cant. Seriously.
Yishun safra mine start 5pm
donot angry with friends
Wait machan k,stuck n d trafc,ts me dasun,did ur mtng fnsh
Ehh!? I told her you and yuhan are doing o.o do you want to do it?I'll clarify with her! (:
Oh just getting even with u.... u?
Nah not now. Now no time
Haha lousy internet... lol maybe I go get iPhone 4 sia if this phonecan trade in for high price lol... secondary to meeting u =p... I willmiss u on sat T.T...
Good morning! going to office. Still in your sweet-sweet dreaming?
Still feel like puking
Dat security is nt there d
Shut up
Haha coz I told you his age wrongly! Hahaha morning sure damn stonelah, wow cooking? No one use the karaoke or ps3? Omg! Haha I thinkhere rain finish le! hahaha so I'm chibi to him hahaha
Wad she say
I dont know.
I came 2 hostel successfully... :-) bye.Gbu *CricInfo Alerts! Type CRICKET & sms to  <#> . Cond apply*
But da one in da fridge like keep very long oredi... Da mushroom quite nice... Hee...
Hahaha don't need to state the obvious!
Did u get a good tip?
i meet u at the sci canteen after my tutorial at 1pm k??
HAHAHA no la I not so bad can! Slap haha! Oh is he a nice person?Hahaha what the!!!! I dun know who his roommate is, I only rememberhis name coz very interesting!
Woohoo! I just got done shaving :)
Haha im going to do it now.
hmm the darkest of the three.. still good show but not my favourite..
I bike one la, so I rather know where to park.
u off tmr??!
Not bad,been slacking and doing lotsa sleeping...hee..how bout you? Oh anyway, wanna go blading together some day girl?
did you had your dinner?
Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight?
Ok will let u know again
I have no choice ~~~ ohh btw then need jio Hehao and weiren anot? hahaha!
Hey! U thai p.ple r suxs! No manners at all! So boring!
I am hungry
Yeap okay!!^^ excited!! (: (: I bathed le! Are you home yet?
nvm u all go ahead ...
My friends
Ok...
Hey love =)
Yeah. T.T i've been waiting for the bus for so long.
<
Gautham baotou to andre already, andre talked to me for an hr. Storyshort, I got convinced I got too angry. talking to gautham tml.
Like a personal sized or what
Hee I know hee. Love u. Everyone impressed with u hee
Lol why the comment? They strip in front of you?
Dono
Sig. Slept off. Sorry. Coming in  <#>  mins
Is site pe jana n waha pe links h0gi uspe jakar dwnld karna www.united <#> .blogspot.com
Credit
No lei... My first one is malay then dun let me pass... Da 2nd one chinese let me pass...
Oh... U r in e canteen ah...Hmmm, u joinin den help me sign up oso lor...
Roger dear! coming to meet u!! ding ding!!
Boez elo care to chat?
Go to hell
Hey... Thanx 4 comin... Enjoy ur meal...cya when i come back ...muacks...
Eh... I dunno... Where are we meeting?
Where do yu live o.O
Tel me when finiah. Heeee
Sorry. My line still not ok. Tonight I try again. should b ok d by today.
On break. Call me
Kiss kiss... What time you going home? Eat your dinner ok?
U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
Yuck.... I went there before oh no): and vivien and Joel kayak therebefore!!!! Haha alrights^^ look unglam can ah x.x fainted I wish myshorts can dry now!!
Post!
Thanks.
Happy birthday szegek! Haha stay happy and cheerful! You have a nicesmile, so always put it on! Heh enjoy your great day! :-D
U typing the outline into the google doc hor?
Ask daddy brin e facial wash as sample, tt one finish liao...
Alright see u tml.
ok
Haha yeah lo. This time really shiok eh. Lol
Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson & then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam & then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
Aiyo... I brought e notes out liao... Thgt u wan to get it today....
And a couple of Hindi movies
<DECIMAL>  am! Haha (: right we walked so much in Japan! Haha gladthat you're okay then!!:D happy graduation ~
Haha I can show you next time. he woke me up to the I herd you liekmudkipz thing._. Haha maybe! Hahaha proxy access the website usinganother link, it's abit like how catalyst catalyze a reaction!
Going home?
Completed HR :-).result on tomorrow.
We comin oredi... Meet u there...
U buy newspapers already?
U good lor. Now i really hungry. E food there nice?
Pk say if pc cluster close go dl...so dunneed bring lappy...
Hmmm.. u got wireless@sg accnt?I forgot my pw..
Oh okay give me ur address.
Ok can.
Oh ya u going for ur tut tml?
u free tomorrow ? wanna go movies ?
Eh wanna go eat tonight?
Anything eh! But awkward for you right!
Abe ek bar kaha na me chedilal pandey hu.. B-)
Goodnight! Sleep tight and get well soon! Like by tmr!
Idk! Buy stuffs I guess
Lols! Where got percentage
kuch bhi nai ha yar.wase hi msg kia tha...main to betha ho wase hi
Does clarissa know? Till now, oddly, I still dun have her number..
Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  <#>  worth but he may not be around
ok, see you there later.
Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
Sorry i din lock my keypad.
Haha uhh just started! Coz I just really woke up :P oh haha yeah Irmb showing you my blanket with the missing butterfly right. Haha Idon't like butterflies coz their wings are really weird. Haha I'm finede, just sometimes dun know how to react bah >< yeah, from 7 to  <#>th dec haha
No*
Cya
Few things are more ironic than falling asleep at Starbucks
MSMkozhikode: . "AHANKAARAM ennal Sathythe Ethirkkalum Janangale Nissaramayi Kaanalumaanu" (MUSLIM) *To start ur SMS group sms- HELP CREATE to  <#> *
Hi Andreu, did u speak 2 erlil again?hope also u saw rooms in paper. Confirm definitly. May God bles u.
m at tampines now. i leave hm at 8.30 tmr
Ok thanks.
Are u home now my dad is going to pick me up from school maybe u can meet me at my place if u have the car
Staying the nightClothes, wash clothes, blanket, Quentyn, hair brush, tooth brush
Hahaha ya.abit like boring lect.haha.
Don't forget to use your moms address. It's important!
Yeah but I'd just ask for it again and again
Networking technical support associate.
Okay =) thanks.
YOUR MOBILE N0 HAS BEEN SELECTED IN AUSTRALIA LOTTERY AUTOMOBILE DRAW HELD IN UK,PRIZE OF $ <#> , <#> ,FOR DETAILS CONTACT US BY EMAIL:  <EMAIL>
Sure or not ok lor. Who ever free go sit first. Then c wed or thu we meet buy present.
Beauty dosn't mke lUv bt lUv maks beauty. Break Evrythng bt nvr break a hrt. Da hrt is like music..Play it but don't play with it.. Gud day
Orh. I save my thing then come find u.
Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
Maybe he ll make us go through a loop
And why does 'i see I see' remind you of her,suspicious-jealous-hottempered girl?
yeiyei i just checked..my meeting at 1pm :)
Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
Boss I will be reach office in late due traffic jam on my way.
Lying down! Chop
s bday ... staying home to eat cake
Nvm 2moro den gimme lo
Hahaha sure!
Yeap
1 and 6 for me.
Hmmm I don't think so... why?
<#>   <#>   <#>
Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife....
Hellooo girl, how are you ? Didn't get to see u these few days when Idrooped by..
You back?
Hahaha but at least I seldom lied already. 长大了.
I can make lasagna for you... vodka...
where r u?
Wats ur skype id
Where @
I wan try nuskin product so he bring me 2 buy lor. But we meeting ard 1.30 at plaza sing, u ok w it?
wru
Ic...U wan i can lend u e book to read lor... Haha, newsweek oso nice wat...
U can go so far to eat one?
Mom, please take more food and try to recover soon.. Get well soon!
Ya. Why?
Near the canteen stairs at. Concourse
I'll be at work so I can't make it, sry!
Uhhuh! You can ask ppl if you want but deadline is today!  Hahaha nohe isn't hahaha he used to be though!! I haven't finish:P alot ofexpansion packs!! Haha Ivan, wenbo, junxiong, huikang, sophie, friend,abbie! Qinxi also maybe!
Hello where are you.
Hello.... Hows your day going? Having a gd saturday?
En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
Okay u go directly. Call sylvia when u reached bah. See whether ifdecki and her can meet u str. No need lah. Very near only, we can walkover. Btw, sylvia went to walk ard with decki. I'll wait for laurafirst. Haha.
Haha thanks jinpeng. Happy lunar new year too.
Then can we talk abt mno at 1pm? Or u'll have other meeting afterconsultation?
I checked  buses tat g?  place is at kovan. ? hafta g? kovan interchange to take 321 or 62
Wth. I 1st ques  <#>  mins still dunno how. End up scared den chiong the rest
HAHAHA ARE YOU SERIOUS THIS IS DAMN UNFAIR TO NON CHINESE
No problem. What time? I will be free after 2
Y
I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
I know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
R u mb?yes,tat me. Y?
eh..reope, the jet tgat one.
Oh god is almost cringey
Relationship is like a book,It takes only few seconds to burn.But it takes years to print,So print it very carefully and nvr let it burn..!! Take care of it..gn
Can fetch me?
Well coz you said Daniel say check later!
Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
Sorry, I'll call later
Fedral ki chuti hai. Pesh brd ka ni pta
When break
Okok, see you at mac.
Would be very helpful to have you around.. can't you change shoes orsomething?
Muacksss give u many many kiss plus big big hug! Laogong eat full full le ma?
Ohh kay. Talk to her then.
Call amar
Think don need already ... We changing date again ... Her birthday on the 10 right ?
Jy! An auntie woke me up on the bus to ask me to press bell for her._.
Arnd  <DECIMAL> ?
Hahaha jeff reach le! We reaching soon.
I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel.
U and sj pro wad! Jyjy :)
I dunno! But he's not the guy I like anyway!
Yeah can.
Just be mindful of tolerances, cos  <#> cm they will give  <DECIMAL>cm cos they say plus minus  <DECIMAL> . If its for machining thennormally we will buy 0. <#> .7cm for all sides.
Hahaha maybe! Ooo haha remind me tonight I ask! So are you goinglater? (: hahaha keep the cordless phone to yourself!
Huh... Still muz save mine... Ma fan leh...
<
Yea have. Eh math test on wad Oo u wan wat snacks
^^ yeap but I will need to go home earlier ><
Lol it's the same Indian TA la so u think he dunno meh hahahaha.
Oh. Ya I saw le. Sianz this week my only free week
Hey when can send me
There shlb be an email from cors. If not... well probably didn't get it
Np
Did you and tia fight?
K
Hahaha its alright!! Can tell you fell asleep :P tired must sleep!Haha I slept around 1, tired cannot tahan hahaha! I think my phone isworking today, seems like my bro having similar problems! Morning^^
I meet ü at ten at the lab we used to use when we r in cz 1102, k?
Wow... Kaiez... Muz show me ah... When we go sentosa...Haha...
Lmao I mean ketone!!
Haha okay!
Dear dear ur laopo reach home le! Ding ding! Get some good rest ok! Muacks
I just arrived in school; are you still in school? I pass you the papers
ll rush over straight after the dinner
He got arp on Monday
Oops sry for the late reply I gt the slot 4 to 5...
How are you feeling now
Let me hav my dinner
I'm reading now and getting on the shuttle
R ü going to b done anytime soon?
Hey guys meet up tmr same place at 4? I'll submit datzezy tonight
ANNABETH WANTS TO WEAR STICKS LOL
No sentiments.
i cannot come there. tomorrow i have exam. i need to study.
So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da
Haha just came back from exam what the chiam sher-yi talked damnlong! And my napfa results got recorded wrongly so I got a silverinstead.. Fan kai ming say cannot change liao T.T are you stillsleeping hahaha the stats paper was very similar to yours haha
Heee come safely k. Kiss u
ohh pig pig pig pig pig pig hahaha pig shall be your new nickname!!pig:D zhuuuuuuuuuu!
Nop. Only Friday den nid go back!
honj ajfjf adf
Ok done.so now lets plan qatar dear.come back soon
Its a WHATEVER you want to do. I brought my laptop to use in ikea if there's time. I don't know. If there's time for me to write I will.
Waaa cool. U shld release near butterfly park
Wah so shiok ar. Haha.
Ok!! Enjoy ur bath. Love u dar
Should b esplanade t jap restaurant yet but not confirm yet. U coming?
I will be outside office take all from there
I got the job at Walgreens! U have to buy me something now =D
I am nt talkin with them always.just askd for help.they r school frnds.hw 2n i avoid them..
Oh ps late reply! Zzz my bro play my phone the whole day must haveclosed the notification ._. Hahaha why won't I want exams to end!! Manap haha :/ yea I guess I will attempt to revise hehe! Haha I dunno!There's tcc there too! I've never tried tcc before! Yea I was studyingD:
Did u mean to type a heart?
same price?
i tell you my you tell your la
Hi Shyan, I understand from  another bank that since my wifecurrently doesn't have income that it may be better to apply for theloan solely in my own, even though the property will be owned by her.So in the paperwork, can you strike her name out com the jointapplication?   Thanks!
Then where u put the old one? Throw away?
The place i know to alight for  <#>  is at holland village but thenit's very far from the cc. Seriously, i think u better take train andthen take  <#>  or  <#>  into ghim moh road. Haha. Go gothere.sg!
Oh... E site is not ready lor... Nd some time... Gee...
Yup yup... Goody!
We wait at the steps at exit b, here v crowded ~
Okay.
Dear I at 2nd last row.. middle left
s only a game... Dun b sad...
Woah. Didnt eh. Lol what happened?
Could I pass you the forms now? I'm outside highschool staffroom 2nd floor
Bored! Chinese is boring.
Duno lah, nobody tell me. Why lido? What time?
You received my messagr?
Lols! Not eating seafood horfun?
Yea set
s late den get seats first...
Hahaha it's ok lah Chester is smsing roslyn anyway! Haha omg why dunlike! I liked it alot! Haha what to buy! Hmm ~ buy you apple strudel!
Kk I'll try calling fab. Thanks!
Hope u have pased ratnapura. Have something 2 eat. May God bles u.
Haha okay!
What is ur I help u register for one more the marketing study le! Itis on Fri  <DECIMAL>  2 week later then after that can go lec haha...left 2 more I dunno wat timing u want so u decide urself bah!
Haiz or nvm la. I stay at home do work lo.
Lol I did. No evidence
Outram MRT .....
Alright. Please don't stress out; u r still young. If u have any phychem emaths or amaths, just sms or email me. Gd9!
Am on my way. Just left Q.C.
U go prep course nvr go SAT?
how r u ?
Ohh I end abt  <#>  I think, going clementi gym! ohh okay just check,at kallang right? Yeap okay! Why need to bring mine? Hahaha maybe suayah, tmr I tell you what happened when I first got my mp3 player haha!
I miss you too. When does your rehearsal start?
Eh.. where will u all be meeting later?
Y
Yup. Ur sister t one  open until wat time?
Hahahahaha i just smsed you!!
Deadline is supposed to train back wat. U go gym urself?
Haha she buy back cai fan for me... lol buy more I wanna Kope nexttime lol... okie so late le I where will.late one lol
Dinner
Anywhere lor... Me at bugis now...
eh no. sat. 1 day difference.
Haha what happened to your chin?
s session. Please kindly advise. Thank you.
Reached le. Battery low
This wed I mean
Oorh then see ya next time bah.
Haha yeah I hope they do too but heehee I'm a selfish pig! Hahahayeah that's why I applied right! Anyway I was kinda shocked Chestersaid "anyway I want you to go prom" o.o what the! Haha yes we will!!!
Haha yups:x! Haha ^^ I dunno, I want to eat soya bean ice cream!
Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
oops, hee. he coming later
Now going le
m always like tis...pain u see..worst den monthly cramps!haha...
Thanks very much!
They rock so hard! I'm doing some skeelz practice
Now?
How i noe... Did ü specify da domain as nusstu... Ü still in sch...
m on the bus! At arts there... You want to meet me at sci bus stop?
Oh... Kk
Lols chalet lik borlin. Go play volleyball or smthing?
Good batting..
Orh!! Baobao u Kah! I noe le.. I go school bathe. Hahha
ooo.. most likely nt having dinner at home
Ahh so are you coming?
Hey brother.. thanks for fetching me back first! Enjoy urselves todayand tmr, and many many years down the road! I'm so happy for u, ur gfso sweet. :-)
Ok ok then we go another day!
Usually stanchart is visa...
Because i'm Cheryl yeow!!!
Laogong laogong can call u?
Okay... We wait ah
Yup sunday  <#> pm.
He say buy lor... Then where u pass by got so cheap  pants...
Then u go back urself lor...
I'll be heading to the canteen once my dwnload completes. Expect me there in about  <#>  mins
You never bring any ah ass. I have some on my lappy.
Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
Ya?
Ok. Good nite. May God bles u.
Your class was there?
LOL I'll buy you rilakkuma!!!
Spinelli still got 20% off wat... I bot a oreo cheese cake... Aiyo so fat.. All because of ü...
my fave scene is the one about the dwarf and elf . doing the counting of kills
Haha no la need share cost, but he cooking pasta for us!
llbe buying things,k?
Hi we have reached. Do we go up
If dont have, you must help me do something eh. :-D
So we monday night go orchard??
Huh wear slippers go see them!? Will it be a little insincere?
Bhai s0ry i cnt c0m.. Wl c u latr
Oh my lucky!! >< psps! Yeap I enjoyed my shower very much, that's whyonly now then finish hehe:P home yet?
Hope you had a safe journey
Ranger u can sms or call me at 60168982522.
Ya la... E academy la... Can, neva specify who wat....
Just topped up  <#>
U see uncle yap have anot, if not then  <#>  loh. Thanks. If notcampbell soup others also can.
630 but i will be late so since you know e place. You lead them there first hor.
Haha * show watery eyes* jiang nan! That is the first song I heardfrom him lol... haha I tink must wait till holiday le T.T... Mondaynight not free sob sob sob... the new McDonald's burger lol
Why boring? So long nvr play! Or basketball. BTW Mon can fetch me? Mywhole family going overseas without me
Hey rebecca... Can save a seat 4 me, gona b late...
Are you ready to meeting, today?
Eh no sia no reply from them.. I tink we need to find another company le...
Dont u got it
haha eh i watched twins effect liao lei
Hmm I also not sure leh. I think can talk about ntu. Like it wasn'treally flattened
Sry just saw ur msg.. think u found it le
Abbie bought for me!
K k
Hi Auyong, any preference?  This Saturday is a bit busy for us soplease let us know soon.  We may have to go up to verde crescent inthe morning too, so might meet there.   Please let us know.  Thanks
Tt said no room due to open house.
Okay done!
Wads ur comp pw?
Already done!
Mene wo dvds  <#>  me li ti.. Jada se jada  <#>  me le liyo.. Bki teri marji
K.i will send in  <#>  min:)
Yeah im supposed to deliver this on christmas. Haha if not I will getscolding.
ANSWER MEEEEE
Hey any quiz or test or hnwk?
Yupz 60... Mine is z_ilches@hotmail.Com . U downloadin huh...
LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
Oh oh S <#> F
Good evening
Anyway, I am like less than 2 min to jp hahaha
Why does liking that page require courage..
Look for it on glass table in front of tv
Oh ya. It's called 冬至 lol. Oh well i shall find others to shop with me.
When u going 2 sign up 4 e Amore? Tomw u free, wan go c movie or go town shop shop?
U go with ur frnds k.
Mr lim I forgot if I signed up for SAT. Can you please help me check?
Wanna meet at Starbucks @  <#> ?
Ama he talked with dat akka
Haha. Thanks for your gift. Appreciate it alot.
Sylvia integrated and uploaded her part liao. Haha.
Okay noted. Just fyi, we managed to finish keying in for ytd night.Ulu pandan cc.
I don't think i can be done tonight :/ you test with some simple desgns first or if i get internet somehow i'll send over. My charger in lab ffff
Yo kenny happy birthday! When's my mhjong session coming up?
Come to me right now, Ahmad
Yes dear! U sit down at the fishball stall there? I think still takequite a while. Sobs sayang LG.
I forgot already, very long never go play.
I guess u noe my email add already hor..  <EMAIL>  :-)
Add
Wanna come sit with us? At right row 23 corner
Sprite with lemon tea
why so fast?
Nooo bring down le
Ehh you have the fsn ed!!! Hahaha nice!!!
m goin to com centre now. Will b back to sci later... When u free..
I got direct bus from my place
Nope. got email, got deadline?
New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them & say, I'm always correct.!
wanna meet up?
No i at home
I have gems after CT, but probably can rush back in time
K
Can can (:
wahh. okok..
Hi.
Wait did you end early? I'm like going to cck now, maybe can find you at je?
Hey dbms mam wont be coming tomor de. So Come to class at  <DECIMAL>
Sorry, I busy yestrdy
Hi have u sent me your part of EE?
Hi Alan, Min here.  Please let me know when you arrived.  The cafe isclosed, but I will be able to be at the forum coop very quickly.Thanks!
Lousy M1, I can rcv ur 1st msg. ooh can I keep ur bat? It works! yea dun tink we nid ur parts tmr.
Haha.. me only.. carrot cake? White de..u eat finish le ma?
Lols aljunied. U too early
I nid go do cip
Are you ok? Lobe Gin x
Kiss!!
Haha I hope it was alright>< oh no what a sick joke!!!! Cannot standit!!! Haha okay talk to you tonight then, have fun! Byeeee(:
Ya i wil
Hahaha I'm gong to sch again! Hahaha wow so early! Plan our classchalet activities!
re you doing tonight?
Heyyo how go Spencer hse
Ok... Haiz, still havent finish revising. This week really very tiring.
Oh that's good ah. but also got some is truly stubborn de.
Clementi also can
Come home first. We eat out later.
Hey..solve my prob
Hi Sis, sorry but I don't know what a cct is.  We don't have anyschematics or wiring diagrams of the house.  The floorplan that youhave is the only blueprint that we know of.  I will go back and doublecheck and let you know.
Sorry, not really free. Haha.
Ya...Dat dae i check dun haf...So how? Where u wan?
Haha no lah the chem rep one is volunteer de, pe is sabo de thenbiochem is uhh me being nice? Haha yeah none of them disappearedsurprisingly! Haha yeah how's your english now? haha random staryu!
Paper was quite okay
Oh my haha we chat until damn late! And I realised we didn't havedinner, I hope you ate afterwards! I'm hungry hahaha! goodnight^^
yeah. 2pm tomorrow. Sheares hall
Lol I will be late I pon my lec haha later reach school sms u....where u studying?
Haha yeah I dun think everyone will turn up, haha were you there whenwensin was talking about Amanda tang?? LOL what movie tix!? Dun youwant to sleep in!? Speaking of which, you should sleep early tonightand not talk to me!
Hahahah okay! Please text me at 4pm in case I forget heh
WHAT SANDWICHES LOL
Thanks for your cooperation. I would be happy if i can help you any time.
One of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! "Wen i Die, Dont Come Near My Body..!! Bcoz My Hands May Not Come 2 Wipe Ur Tears Off That Time..!Gud ni8
Sigh I am disappointed.
Hey u wana meet at someplace den go look 4 e classroom... Mayb at e canteen or somethg...
This is aswin divyas cousin pls ask her to check messages and reply to this mob no only today i forgot my mob thats why
Haha yeah! Omg hahaha that is super awesome la hahaha:P I v longnever eat home cooked food le, so v happy haha! (: haha are you sure!You haven't see me with uhh random ppl alone! I will dao one haha:Phaha yeap happy tgt can le I hope! ^^ haha sleep now! Or you want mecome online now?
Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back
s great! Can drive us ard...
What did I send u?
BOEZ y no reply frm u can u sms me at 96821456
ab kya reply karo
Ohh for what??
"Fallen flowers can't climb back.. But If the root is strong u can expect new flowers.. So don't think of d past, Just love d present & live 4 d future.;) Njoy every day;)! Good morning;)! 've a good day;)!
hehe. reach le.
Lol ok
Got cca and after tt nid go eat with family
Haha. I see I see. Now randomly checking emails..u got stuff to do athome one meh? Thought u only slack:p is the movie good?
Noice
Oh. Don't have to much fun with that.
Driving
Are you doing anything this weekend?
s the best IT poly in Singapore? Is there something like a statistic?
Hostel
I dont know
Ana lucia s gona murder shanon (sory if u didnt lyk being told)
Chocolate
Stephy! Can send me the number for the korean bbq?
K..k..good.
Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
alright. any page limit
Eh not meetg le...Other days den meet k. Jun goin home le...
Just realized not enough cash :/
Lols slack play frisbee. Wat the u pangseh
Whr r u
Sure =o
Oh no I wanted to type (: not (; now the smiley looks weird!
tmr
Wait for 5min
Wahaha. Gd. I jusg reached home. Will go over once i put on my contact lens.
Ma head dey swell oh. Thanks for making my day
Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
Ok sure. Sadly when I msg u guys I expect a nil reply.
Laopo nite nite... Herr
1) B <#> . 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) wkday nights,wkkends, or otherwise arrange when school timetable is confirmed.
Oh i see.
Yes yes my yei yei. U?
Gay fag! Unrealistic siaz. Mayb  <#>  in pyramid la
So when's soccer
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
Wat??!
You are like light for the whole world. A city built on a hill cannot be hidden. No one lights a lamp and puts it under a bowl; instead he puts it on the lampstand, where it gives light for everyone in the house. In the same way your light must shine before people, so that they will see the good things you do and praise your father in heaven. Matthew 5: <#>  GOD bless :-)
Whts this
Hah great. I ended mine. Did hongling passed back to you your hd?
Ok see you online to discuss the modules
Okay la, dun cook, I eat at a. Catherine place..
Oops didnt see your sms. Good movies are good ideas.
Friday i went to MMA film in my village :) only 3 people in theater.so sad:)
Got this  <#> " led monitor at  <#> . But the brand is palladine.Cant find much info on the brand.
Der
s fast... U shop ard first lor...
The bedbug peeps are coming friday  <#>
Hahaha.laptop I dun mind just carry.put locker must go take again abit ma fan.4+ shd be ok ba.
Inka dear
Bro are you asleep?
Haha... Hope u hav fun during ür lesson tmr lor Quickly get ür license so maybe u can drive us ard... =5
Lol im so sorry, was cally house.
Hi friend!!!! What happened to cycling!!! I'm going to Japan this wed:D
hai baby how are you
TOTO I Strick 3+1 How much system 7. result 14, 20,25,36,30 add 29.
Hi.
Just as easy to say microwave handle broke again.
Outside the toilet at the bench with us
Woot.found a seat at the drink stall lvl.in front of the noodle stall there.actually there's seat everywhere hahaha.
how are you?
Eh dun le... Pangseh siaz
wich part of tpy is dat? lor 1?
Haha thanks man :D
Hahahha me too'
Hey tonight you all free to come astro?
Then who s hvng?
Oh abt ibm...Din wan it...But kena psychoed by alot of pple to choose quality over looks...Haha
Hahaha really! I'm really very far away! What did your class do for Mr ku LOL.
On bus le laala
I'm glad. I really do loff you a lot
I wanna go for vertical marathon. But not sure bout legs and paddles.Can I tell u soon? BTW who r u
Lol?! Umm yeah I have.
Yups I emailed him liao! I'm busy on mon):
Subway?
Haha ooo idm doing that! But you should really rest!!
Taking Gek <#> , gek <#> , is <#> , is <#>  and appealing for legalaspects..and btw, u going KB tmr?
do u want to play basketball today?
K
No ya not
That was the fries.
Yeah but a lot more to memorise. It's like an additional molgen module.
Haddin to kolkata.
Shiv ll send you word doc now. You print. Can? Or I can ask him tosend to printer and you collect before going to tutorial
Whole class..
Wow.did u seen him
I want! But ok la suddenly more motivated to work for myskf. Hee love u back
Sheeit Charles!
Sorry, i was having a competiton and they quarantined our handphones. I will be free at about 8pm tonight.
Sent to ur @live.com.sg
pl send an email id
Nope nothing 2 buy going out 4 dinner now.
Okok paiseh ar!
Ha ji he na.. Par ap jaankar kya kar0ge:-D..
Ya
I having speech day
Should I go back and get my wallet now or when you get out?
Hey Fabian, I've emailed Yizhan. Will let you know. Btw whichtutorial slots you all taking?
Hey.. Tell me how it is now? What's up with you? Girisha..
Wot?
Plenty of old men...N guys ard 20 plus...Sick lei. Everyday msg...I go hm write profiles 4 u 2 c. Den where u workg now? There? As e recept? Y u littat?
oo. u called me?
5 min
i am feeling so extremely lazy
Warner da
Haha smile back! This one not lag yay!
2marrow only. Wed at  <#>  to 2 aha.
I... I hope so... Post!
yar abhi tak chala kar nai dekha
Doc ko dikha rakha hai kabhi to pata chala. Sat ko hi Typhoid resultaya tha test me.
Sianz can't le... got arp zzz
shan, to change for eg. a module like flag to refer to another module's node (eg facebook status) instead of the native nodes like page/story, do i just change the codes in flag or the fb status module?
Wishing you a wonderful week.
s ex wat... No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
Oh xP
Awesome thks!! Wootz one hmwk lesser
Boarded the bus. Get ready
hello. I now still trying to figure out how to use the ratios? experimenting? so maybe later I send u my comments then u see. if got wrong must tell me.
Htcdroid
What does the parameter, textToEncrypt do ar?
will u b able to help me with sorting tml anytime from 12-2pm? it will be at s15 lvl 3 benches near lift and will take ard 30-45 mins-Loo Geok
I have to take exam with in march 3
Hi da:)where are you?
Yo im going for astro today!
Hey.  My other meeting dragged.. will b abit late. U all start first?Sort sorry
Ok, I'll ask leo. Maybe can go buy koi. lol
Ü v ma fan...
Nice!
Dell moniter ok?...i see v cheap with 3 yr warrantysomemore...generally ok or not ar?...
I'm turning off my phone. My moms telling everyone I have cancer. And my sister won't stop calling. It hurts to talk. Can't put up with it. See u when u get home. Love u
REALLY HAHA. HE'S USING HIS OWN COM.
Lol okay I think I will reach at the same time as u
Hi guys, running a little late. Will reach in  <#> . Please start discussions
Okay!
Wat time? I got class dinner. Mayb can rush
Thank you so much
ll juz cya at three.... :)
Oh ya I forgot abt it. Sorry tml I ask, was giving tuition the whole day.
Whaaaaaaaat the heck!!!! My phone didn't notify me again!!!! I'm                                  sorry babe. I was all wondering where you went! But alas it was my                                 stupid phone... I just got out of the cafeteria :)
Jai ho...free ho tho bulaana...aaaauuuuuuu
U meet us tmr la... Anyway u got ur classmates w u, go a bit extra leh...
how is your health?
:)
Omg it could snow here tonite!
Okay thanks!
Hahaha alright.
I stricked TOTO system 7 3+! extra no. Can I get how much.
Just 1 byte per loop gives both strength and direction...
<#>  I lost her number sorry :(
Yeah
Hey. I sent you what I have filled in for the research plan. Lookthru it,think I have missed out on things. And the references I didntwrite it in the correct way think we are supposed to put it in thecorrect way.
Lol okok i read later, outside now..
Eh haha I eat less in sch mah! Hahaha can la got money! yeah lor damnweird! It's like so bright. Haha when you all starting! LOL. yeahRaghav was saying you always take tuna after I ordered LOL. OOO IS IT.hahaha it's too bright!!!
ma help me buy black ink cartridge. hp deskjet 820cxi
The zhong dian is the first part. And how is the second part spoilish?
Haha nono that one is just  <#>  mins chiong laps!! Ohh no, caught by2b cluster mentor!
Lol wow so you twisting da balloons also eh.
How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?
Mine can.
Okay great! When can we deal?  <#>  right?
Haha no la im just kidding eh. If tmr go out means gotta enjoy. :-D
Thank u
Hey Praveen, Nishanth here. When are you coming to sg da? I needsmall help. I left my mouse at home.. can you help me bring it?
Good morning swweety . Remember ur umbrella k. Love my girl!
Hey u got hamster cage anot?
re not online? having ur lunch or invisible mode?
Good Night.
Oh no la it's okay. Im not hungry. Thanks!
k. luv u. see u at  <#>  to do laundry hun
Lols I buy him present le. Now noe my present belated. Enough siaz
Hahas thks! Slept at  <DECIMAL>  yest lol
Take ur time. I seldom log in also. No hurry. Today sch reopen ah, ok hope u hv a nice school start
main nai araha kal
WHHHHAAAT da fyq
Hello are ü up yet? Gd morning! So happy today, cos got half day off for completing a 3D2N mock war exercise last wk... Hope ü have a great day ahead too!
Hahaha true true! Why only?I think 1 year is fine ah!(:
To make my life hell
S.this will increase the chance of winning.
How's mom?
s quite 4 me... U dun find it accurate meh...
Electrochem. Eat later lah
Know we did it?
s é only $140 ard...É rest all ard $180 at least...Which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900)
I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
Leo Naruto is very good.. gots impressive characters.. hope gaara defeat lee in ep. 48.
Yupz... Hmmm... My sis is there, haha, she might b ur mentor... Gee... So wat will u b studyin there?
I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
Haha no la my family will eat first de, we don't have a habit ofwaiting! Only my dad waits for my mum haha! I hope yours didn't haveto wait for you>< haha cool okay! Walk to other random places in bbnext time okay haha I can show you where I took my  <DECIMAL>  in p6!Haha I'm fine with not eating it! Will pass to you the next time I seeyou!
Yeah she's damn amazing! Haiz yah lor the entire concert was a bitodd though hehe! The place too bright!
Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.
Ippt s <#> d
Supyohi cadoin
its okay I think I made a wrong call. Btw is the payment received?
ok u 2. Gd luck 4 yr exams!
O.O cool!
ll ask da rest..
Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
She didn't tell me leh. Haha. Okay great! Yup see u. Gd night.
Hi Andreu, good morning! Hope u saw the room. If anna contacts pls inform me or baba. May God bles u.
Sayang u. I hard at work.
I will reach before ten morning
i'm sory 4 comin late 2day :-( c u tomo ..bye
TEC CSE B PLACEMENT: The placement season has started and our class "size ma" SHIBI CHAKKARAVARTHY is the first person to get placed (in SYNTEL) . . . I sincerly state that syntel is lucky to get a talented person like shibi . . I wish all the best to shibi on behalf of my class members. :) have a great career shibi!!! With love, GHILLI (SARAVANAKUMAR)
Ur cousin? Wei Seng?
Yun ah you have to ask jiayin i wont be able to meet earlier coz rushing back home later
Hi, i need to confirm the appt today before i go. So pls call be back ASAP..thanks
Yup me and Joel. U gg?
Can gif me a lift... Cos i wun b driving as i dunno da way... If cant nvm...
Hi Andreu, v just came home. May god bles u.
Ding me on ya break fassyole! Blacko from londn
Haha I don't know!! Omg Karyee wants me to bathe with her to savetime!! I dun know if we're still going! ohh this is the same place Icame last time!
My dear, i m still in church now... U can find me
Nite nite bblp. Lov u!!
Hahaha how can you have more than me! Yeah I think I study hard but Idon't think I study smart haha!
Also, I have a bunch of  <#> % scrolls but I don't know what they're worth
Can't find!!
.-. I'm now confused as to what we should do
Ok ok la...
Lol it doesnt matter. :)
Yupz... Fen din tell u ah...
No as in I thought you say you leaving ntu at  <#>  then I wasconfused! Ok I'll have roaming, you can drop me an sms when you finishit! Haha okay confirm again later!
meet me at municipal busstand at usual time
Haha anything! Yeah I think likely coz my mum went for op mah! Hahaokay then meet ard  <#> ? (:
Ok
Just came to nydc n she just ordered a baked rice n i ordered a drink. U done liao.
Raining. Can help me bring umbrella?
the back ground is some building in ntu  engin mah
Hey hey hey, later I going sheng shiong, got anything need me help buy??
Hehe cumi hav a gud slp n gud day t0mrw...
u not meh? i thought u are leh... :p
Lol dont worry I still finding. I havent search for dvdrip yet. Ionly looked at blue ray category.
Now gettin on bus at hl hse
Hi ricky, I'm not asking for help from the plumber... please see myearlier message and read carefully. If you are not sure what I meancall me please.
saturday u free? we start in afternoon about 4pm, ok?
Hwmh?
Hey can u do ur part of the extended essay and send me? Bout  <#>  words
Simi is bebue.next sem not ur last sem meh got so many soc mod.haha.
Lol yeah it will be awesome. But my house here stop raining le leh.
Ya need u buying? I wan  <#>  plus
Oh sorry
Hmm wasnt it 6 tmr?
both.. but no replies as yet..
Shuhui ask where u all wan 2 meet.
it in raffle place
i've printed out tge forms, but the earliest appointment date is 8feb. and i have school that day. can u go down to collect the passurself?
Watch jùz married lei...Höhò.
9 doorz nigo!
Thanks :-)
It's over!!!!
Okay. And ideally they've to make it for the training on fri right?
Say something
X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
Hi people! Please remember to submit your ritsumeikan consent form toDr teh tmr! If you've lost it, Mr tay has sent a soft copy of it!Cheers! (:
c[_]
s  life... Which course u got into?
Ok lah I go buy and fat together lah T.T... cannot resist thetemptation my potato is calling for me!
submit directly to our tutor or?
wat else did she say ?
Ah no words le
Oo. Thnk God Who told him?
Dad asked to take a xerox of paaspoet.me and varma going for that.
Wish you a very happy birthday
For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
Lols from who?
You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
want go swimming ?
Yep fine, meet where?
Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
Hi. Oh sorry i sold it away alr :(
LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
K chikku..il send
This just sucks so much. You know the fucked up part? If I just letmyself have my compulsions, I would've been checking for it
Lol cos arts module is easy.
Haha no no dont get me wrong. Lol you made me so speechless. I thinki've used too general words.
Hi Shehan/Andrew.. I'm having the "runs" again and will have to miss today. Extremely sorry. God's Graces to you'll and all at home. Megan sends her love too. Heb <TIME>
Just sing eryi mah!
Haha sorry my friends are watching videos on my com again!
A lot of them are mine.Sorry, I'll clean tonight, I accidentally fellasleep.. but seriously, Liza, no need to get snappy, everyone cleansup after you a lot
Ohh D: how!!!!!!!
Ü havent receive yet meh? I just got it today... brown envelop a lot of things
I can put you in a coma, it will seem like one day lol
Hgchbv
Wonderful wonderful hubby, playing game now ah?
Hahaha funny epic story! I should've said you're a bro! Hahaha yeah at least!
Made it safe yo
HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DA BOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!
Hi Boy . I m a old female lady
I am i am! Haha no need to save seat for rebecca
I really don't blame you, having to be in the middle of all that
Ok..which siva
Sooo
Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
Hey heard your grandpa passed away... my condolences... anyway u needto tell the coordinator abt ur absence...
Let's go now
this is not a good time
Yo haha tmr rmb bring the dress, small black jacket, pink belt, crocsheels and small figurines! Thanks!
Spending new years with my brother and his family. Lets plan to meet next week. Are you ready to be spoiled? :)
huh?
Ok sure
Where in the good lord are you and when in the pink guava juice from fishtankthats quite scam will you be done with your assaye?
Sure. Da bao chicken rice for me leh, serious.
Dancepracdancepracdanceprac By the time they're over it'll be too dark
Justin?
Hahaha yeap you should do your best too. It's the final semester afterall.
<#>
K bye:)
hmm... reasonable enough... roger that...
Are we going to any high class restaurant? I am wearing slipper.
<3*
It's part 2 wad
u can wake up before  <#> ? latest i need to leave cck at  <DECIMAL> ..
Zhou Shao,  <EMAIL> .  <#> . Will billy dq not?
Ya  <#>
Reaching home. I will try to do that then.
haha, never mind. did she complain u?
Really? Okay!
Lol I dont know eh. Tmr ask zm eh.
Me i'm not workin. Once i get job...
Hey whats bigger then an integer but smaller than a float? s
Hows sf  bub
m picking her up at ard 4 smth lor..
Yo! Hw life? U buzy wit A lvl huh, free 2 chat?
Haha okay lah he is true to shihui! And he kissed 4 guys in the pastweek! Haha I want to reply you! Haha if things ever become rockybetween us must remind me of this promise ah! Hahaha omg slap!! HahaI'm in hostel!
same lor.
TAZZ can intro pls?
Nai bhai mana karde..
Sooooooonaughty!!! Kisses
May the dawning of this New Year, fill ur heart with new hopes, open up new horizons & bring 4 u promises of brighter tomorrow. May u hve a great  <#> .hpy nw yr
wah liew, u better go wahc your mouth
Haha figures, well I found the piece and priscilla's bowl
Hot picture...
Vivian intro plz
But i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
Dei machan. It will sound ultra weird if I call her to say Vishnuwants Sunethra 's India number no matter what reason. Because yiu canask directly. If it's during casual chat, I can pull it off. This waycannot. Try Arrchana.. she is online.
yea where is it at
U all confirm at good wood park...
Hey crazy how are you?
t dance.very stiff.i always feel embarrassed..
Np. The last person who proof read will submit the soft copy of the report.
Np. :-)
Laogong wan an!!hee sayang ur mama more.
Aiyoh very sad.. Tdy this paper really kill me.
No eh it's okay. I still doing the budget too. You take your time, no rush.
Yeah checkout's probably around that time. Then maybe I leave earlier or something. Your reactions require you to be there?
HAHAHA nvm le cally bought it.
Eh. I dunno. Havent choose yet i think. Yours is pre selected?
Clementi lols. Normally hawker centre nicer
Post!
Holidaesoborlin. I offed comp
Yeah.. do we get the keys on the  <#> ?
Afternoon cally house
No, I haven't read it again. Please go ahead and submit.  Thanks!
remember to get the phone book from  that person.
Wash clothes...
Wait really? Yesssss
Correct. So how was work today
Andrew pls dont4get 2moro 6p.m v r singing4 marys nov and mas
got the number..thanx
Hi wish u all the best with ur interview... God bles u da...
Will u b free on sat night? Wanna date me? Haha.
You woke up on time? Sorry I slept only at 4
Hi there is over subscription for that house in jurong ( check email) please confirm if interested ASAP
And you are hungry so fast? Lol
Eh pokepoke when are you opening today
Ic... Yah got went for that lecture but was late... Heheh... See ü around huh... Take care... ü
Haha are you singaporean or pr?
Oooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
:o cool. Ummm need something to relax for tonight? Like milk orsomething so can sleep better.
Nope not yet.
Did you try making another butt.
okie tink meet up again then,paiseh leh.
hey, can u check for me if the unused tickets area wif u ?
Ok, vikky bring it..
Good luck! Have a wonderful trip:-)
U go home first? Hehe
Lol 8am at macpherson.
Yo today I cant play eh. Later smse when you at cally house. Then Ishall impart my surgery skills to you.
Eh dun Emo. Aft exam u can come play
Hmmm... Green? So wat does it mean....
Hee.. orh!! Now we still talking A bit.end le I call u? :*:*
Post!
Yeah i'm going :D
Why don't you start your finance blog?
Lol tell me the results
Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
Raving says hi to nana!
HEeeee!! I love u sooo much ma just got home
No but the bluray player can
see u at 8 at the RU
U kidding rite
Oh yeah aft you went to sleep then my bro ask my dad for permissionto play com then my dad let him._. Yeah I think must go all the waytoo._. Wahhs! Chicken rice! I'm eating macs breakfast now haha! Oooicic! haha cannot imagine:P WHAT. REALLY? that is such a fan servicekind of ending. I like the twist lor! Haha yeah then sudden turn ofevents is what I like most about the book!
Okok, 在jurong point, 7pm
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day! Haha.
Haha so cute! Thanks(: Tell you about it later bah, I can't leave ifI don't finish the zuowen haha
I wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
Jaldi aa
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Happy Eid.
Haha np la dun call also ok! tired go sleep! Haha I dun know if theywill pay this time leh! Haha yeap! (: (:
Didi rechrge kar  <#>  ka
No you can do it, we're almost done! We're going home soon, just keepthat in mind yo
Oh wah got frenly cny and meeting reminder haha.thx.yeap will meet tmr 2pm.
When are you guys leaving?
ur intro plzZz...
Orh chey is they upload next week I tot ask us upload next week -.-
Augh they still haven't returned from dinner. Where is astro
Heeee. Lg too!!! Faster come. U wheer le
Ya..
Gd mrnn. There will be no classes 2day. Tc n god bless u.
take accounting next sem?
I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  <#>
Hooha! I love slash!
Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
sensitivity tak karwaya hoa ha sir ne
Yahh she say getting refund ah oops
How r u? Im slackg at home...Hows work so far?
U ok mah? Where not well arh
Ü can call ñ ask for interview.ü got the no stil?
Leaving now. Please start first. :-)
i m in class
Oh lol OK.. enjoy!
Train le!! Muuuuugies
K
I am all right.
Haha it's okay lah why apologise? Haha need to worry coz I didn'thand up hw, I have to score decently for this if not my chinese gradewill be really really really terrible haha!
I can bring like,  <#>  spares (Y)
Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
Our*
Yeiyei i finish le.muuacks
CARDBAL  <#>
Just woke up lo zzzzzzz... T.T... so poor thing later pei u go seedoctor after the presentation?
Haha. Icic. Wah good leh u.
what r your plans todaY?
Now eaiting bus at her hse
Really? Haha.. Okay..
Mummy we haven't eat yet. But later got free food to eat. Hee.
yes dear, ate till full full alr. ate ayam penyet in sch. u?
Adhu vidu! Adi aavadhu vaanginiya?
Soon
Ok see u next time then. Will be back in jul.
Ohh okay haha no la I just received all of these in one go ._. Hahayeah haven't open, if you leave in awhile should be opening soon! Hahanope he didn't, raining then very humid so I didn't wear! Now is theirpresentation!
Hi Sue, we've mostly moved out of the unit today.  Do advise how wecan handover the unit on the 1st or later.
Haha okay i'm here le!
U wad time coming home later??
Hahah dont you know alcohol is the best medication? That's why allclinics and hospital have them.
Hey lady when are you free?
gonna bid for e stoopid mods ltr cz done nthg yet!
Call me urgnt
Aight yo, dats straight dogg
Nooooooo
We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. "paths are made by walking.. not by waiting.." Goodnight!
yeah~~~
Hav sent. Let me kno if you gt t or nt
Hmm sorry I cant make it.
Okay
Sounds good, keep me posted
Cannot..
Hi,so can find e place?
Waiting for the bus haha
there
Nvm... Okok
Where gitr
Neh he aint up here. Think he's dancing.
Hahaha ye kya bc colg hai tera
You good
Hi I didn't get it. Will check what went wrong later today. Could uforward the email to me again? Thanks..
Crazy gal... Not sad over ur bf liao rite... Anyway, take care ah, meet up some other day...
I have no idea where you are
hey, i will be late for school, can u help me take notes.
Single line with a big meaning::::: "Miss anything 4 ur "Best Life" but, don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt...
Thats gay.
It means u could not keep ur words.
I'll be heading out in 5 mins, ccl to serangoon then all the way down, i suppose you could ask them to wait a bit...
She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
Ok if moses around help me ask him what he needs from me? Don't lethim call me la, very hard to understand him.
Hahaha you're hmm idk leh! My senior bah! hahaha! Coz I never docorrectly maybe!!
Ok sure. Still debugging
Its near bugis  junction..
You will look more intimidating.
He said no.
Woooot.u got MIS tb lent me.hahaha.
Lol i can get my mom? Or get jason?
Not yet. Joel buying bag and stuffs
Too early lar... Ü all meet first lor... Is ben going?
Haha coz they are all pigs!! I was the 4th last to sleep or sth! ThenI'm the only one who sleepy sitting up so very bu shu fu! Haha ytd Iwent out with yuki buy instant noodles, I wish you were here insteadso can walk with you haha:x yay glad that you're well rested!! Hahawhat the! Yeah true it was damn cold, I took sophie's jacket as myblanket haha:P whatcha doing now! Dun need beat up Melvin my classguys can do that liao:P
Ok sweety. Nus hse. Miss u so much. Soo happy to hv my yei yei
Happy new years!
Good luck!
Lols Kk cya I going back now
Wah...News really spread fast...Haha tonite dun nid formal rite?
aw :)
Ahhhhhhh okay then you shall sign on her behalf.
Gd mrnn. Don wory will pray 4 u. Get well soon. Tc.
Kitne bje tk ayegi?
:DD
Hahaha ohhh I had lesson at engin :-(
Yeah
This pay is  <DECIMAL>  lakhs:)
PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
Have fun with your friends!
Haha fluctuates?? Lets draw graph:D
I thought she said sth like that but not sure so just turn up forlesson lor! Shucks she came): haha what! hmm do you think I have moodswings haha!
Ya
Kk.
Where u eating
Huh no la! Want! (:(: how's rehearsal?
Sorry didn't see the call.. Yes I got it.. But I didn't go to read a paper..
sure. see u later. but think i cant recognize u. i wil bring a see rose for yr reference.
Yup I got see thanks for the notice
Yeap walking over
I surely will go for the training but i help u to ask my friends now too.
We use ur one tem he reach transfer to him.
Love u
Sathyakumar.
Wth man. Then u take for wad? Jus waste time only!
K but as u said it vil b only arround students
Waa Emo... I see 1st 2moro. Discuss with sj
Ya I did.. but just realised <name> had another copy of pot..
In PGP, you come in  <#> ?
Home
Ys
You up? Taking calls?
Started at 9. Can faint haha
That's why I claim like two friends and force them to be my friend forever!
Holy... if buangkok I will b quite late LOL
Ok. I'm at home.
Ohh!!!!! Hahaha coz my cluster outing need replacements!!
Wait till afternoon
On the way to suntec, be there in ~ <#>  mins
Oh no. When does it ends
Chapter 2 la..lol
Still at talk dearie
Xian but go out also nothing 2 do.
Put in freezer?
Means find x when y is 0
Hyd
Ruby
Jp.. what u feel like eating?
Reaching woodlabds
Haha. What i worry is what shld the other 2 members do.
Ok...I wait 4 u outside toilet...Raffles city rite?
call you later
I replied directly. Thanks!
roy hi care 4 a chat?Intro
Ohh so you dance with her before?:P and you're interested in her right!!!!
In 30mins , i leaving soon..
I accidentally brought em home in the box
Lol okie... later release le then sms.u
Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
Want to eat chicken rice?
yea i left my system runnin n doing sm other thns
Oh no now look like gonna rain
Nizammmm I dont know if david is coming today. I cant contact him.
Mine is sports day le... Urs not meh
So
Hmm. Not yet. My dear. Hee. What time u coming? The event almost over I think
HahaHa
Haha wow so soon?? Nvm la not convenient for you right!
Dango is late! Outram!
Uncle G, just checking up on you. Do have a rewarding month
m v stupid... Cos i applied 4 e wrong acct... Arghh...
In my home
Hey can i take e sentosa bus frm tiong bahru?
Cos e other one bounce back.. So i need to check whether u have enough space.
Bout 1 plus
My friends use to call the same.
Call
Will you be home
Okie..
Got. Reformat the disk loh
Okay!
Why?
HAHAHA I SEE YOU CAN FIND ME SITTING
What did you get for 14?
Haha.. Tues la! :)
Hey Pranav, Nishanth here.  We meet @ 7 in pastamania?
Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday
Ok. Back gate?
m not goin tmr will u still go?
Hahaha I didnt say you didnt allow me to sleep! Lol okay I shantdisturb you le.
Haha can I pass you after my exams. I gotta go deposit my money first.
Rem to sign up for the group urself.
many many more happy returns of the day
Kk then 6pm at my house! Haha. See ya.
Evryone
tere se baat karke jata ho
Am sad, I didnot get the job.
Not too bad. Aiya nvm. First year usually tougher. U still can lolmeans okay bah. Haha.
Savin he is in TCS bhunaswar.
Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Lol on the way to hostel coz I'm staying tonight! My parents not freeto fetch me later hahaha:P
laptop pwd
A <#>
Because she told me she tried to contact you but you never pick up her call.
Whether u said her that i did it
Ok ok.
Lol we eating downstairs
Hey u wan go watch midnight movie on Monday? Den write leave
shld be, wadsup?
Mark is off today
:DD
Wat u doing now?
Hahaha want some mr bean ice cream?
When
Yea smart!
Why??????????????
Lols why so random yh? I guess tis week will be busy doing tip. Psnxt week den go one ya :/
On e 21st... Smack rite in e midst of exam... Dunno if shld cancel it anot...
haha.. okz.. we shall c again.. u rest early.. nitez..
Thanks!
Lol no lah.
Are you coming back for lunch?
Haha i think i rest at home first bah. If you all meeting for supperthen call me bah.
Enlist 5 features of un chartr of human rites
looool.... Its ur credit ur using ooh..
K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
Hehe.... But im sure you had fun today...  Any cute guys which caught your fancy? =p  rest early k, good night.
En we eat at chinatown.mon i end wk.èn i msg ü.c we meet where.
"..A doctor & an engineer love same girl. Engineer gifts her Apple everyday. Girl ask reason of giving Apple daily? Engnr: AN APPLE A DAY KEEPS d DOCTOR AWAY
Ard 20 smth or 30 lk dat lor... I wan like those surf shorts one lor... Ü finish dinner? Wat did ü haf? We going 4 dinner now...
Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
Ni
Shall i come now?
Haha. Okay but i guess there's much over there. Pretend u all tourists loh.
Ü c da glasses nice n cn sit properly on è nose... It feels comfy then buy lor... Wat haf ü bot oredi?
Y d
In the evening???
Ok. C u then.
ll meet fion on a wkend la.nex wk or wad. Hmm,so tonite cancel la.hai,tomorrow stil got to paint hostel. Xia
What plans for the evening?
Haha yeah hilda and sophie are my level mates! Haha I have  <#>  minsto eat o.o!
I am going home now.
Who u btw? Is ur fren the Thai called smthing boy?
Since when?
I eat a burger
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
Wan swim at clementi at 5?
Alrights^^
Mum sorry nvr bring phone. We cut at  <DECIMAL>
Ok see you
Hey can send me all articles? Thks
m ur monkey partner lor...
i am here already.
The  <#> g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  <#>  and with 3g for  <#> . That's why i blanked him.
Imp to talk
I checked online. In case he deleted anything off his phone. I know I'm terrible. But I had to check.
Waa  <#> th go where? So shiok ar! U got study not?
I'm parked on the satay side.  Just come oh, when you're done.
Emo chepalenu
Yeah haha
stuff will be arrive at  <DECIMAL>  pm Mr Budi,thank you for  your purchase and patience
:-):-)
<URL>
Ok sure
<#>  you will cope. You have no choice
Lols u 1 on 2? Sec sch fren lols
Lol but I need to know going where and how much mah. Haha my bankempty now eh.
Lol nvm later we go eat dinner! Lol... then u din go for ur sectionalteaching?
Babe ! What are you doing ? Where are you ? Who are you talking to ? Do you think of me ? Are you being a good boy? Are you missing me? Do you love me ?
Can just apply leave for me? In case
Ehh can't find myself have to ask dad when he wakes up
When ll you be here?
Eh ah dont have I think.
Yea ok lor. I generally a bit lazy la.
ooo. maybe he nv ask u..
I won what and how?
Hi. Added Safeway more pts. But trying to shorten everything more cozI think we need efas
Do you have the final doc for 3214? Erik needs it..
Thanks!
Yeah lol
Ok. I have committed all the code. U can try out.
Hmm I will be free after 2; can help you. U'll be at yih?
Oh ya. Lol go buy la
K d:) thanks:)
Okie will do! Enjoy ur show.I go do my stuff first .and I miss miss u too!!!
<#>   <#>
Bald??LOL
Can v meet
m quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
hee. faster faster come to my arms safely!!
Ok!I jst bathed,bought a cat tdy!￥ <#> ,ok I think?Its cute!And otherstuff!2nite I wont b gng online until so late coz tmr hv 2 wake up atard  <#> !Yeaps,gdnite!
Ü no home work to do meh...
No lah. Japan is say only. Haha. Icic. Okay lah. I think working ismore impt. Haha.
Can you call me please
Yo come over carlos will be here soon
Nope... But mayb his heart got say... Hee...
LOL yeah I don't know why!! LOL AHH DUN REMIND ME LOL I HAVE 9 BUCKSON MY EZ LINK CARD!!
Eat so long meh, I thot very crowded, give me another  <#> mins.
Hahahha cool tonight I go google it.
Yeah but you mean you got very close to sj then now you get awkward so you wanna become independent? Just talk about it with sj lah.
Cal u.
Hah ths s vino,pls send jerome num.i lost all my phone contact.pls
Lol nvr le. Is wat kinda competition
I ask glen. I no have his no.
Nvr pay attn le
Male
Dreamhouse looks good. Or u can watch flashpoint by donnie yen
Haha both of them not online too. Im meeting jiashan tmr. Mr leongthat side still got delay leh.
Lol what daijoubu I'm like totally innocent can. You se mei mei la,can only xiang wai o_O
Hey yes. I think I ll be free. Will join :-)
I am on the way
Where r u?
What hahaha!! Oh man then is she still talking to you?
I saw xiao yun again sia. Haha. At serangoon mrt station. I thinkeither she stays there or her bf stays there. She's with her bf. Butshe's okay looking nia lah. U keep seeing shuyan while i keep seeingher leh. Haha.
Im reaching le.
Yea! But is yh staying?
Okay.
okay (:
Wat the! I will break it soon
Eh those were fun stuffs!
Lol, jumpsuits?
cannot be afaried of any junks
Ü free tmr... Ü wanna go out...
I will confirm you
O. ..
Oh.
OH.
Ic.
Andrew my brother what happened with Madam? Did you get a chance to talk to her!!
Ah? Okay, wah you fever eh. Take care.
Hey, sorry was sleeping just nw, i would take programmer, if tat's okay for u guys.

As for the game innovation research, i am okay with any topic, sorry for late reply...
Oh we not submitting plan today. Jus gonna sign up 1st. Cus I not athostel and Joel can't do alone :\
Yeap its very tragic. Apparently the thing ryan said htoo ask usthing is true o.o as in, ryan said htoo said it personally to him o.ohaha okay thanks!
aiya. yeiyei wan take train? i juz left hse
its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?
Hee. I kaypoh meh. I thought both of us also e kaypoh type. Like dat i dun ask lor...
Goodnight
Hahahaha okay!
i think no need lah..i go borrows from steve
How's first day working? I overslept, missed 1 class -.-"
Yun ah,ü back?
we can chat by sms more cheap.my hp num is 0165460953.
Japan very poor thing hor. Like Legos in swimming pool
s ur add? Thk my dad will fetch us to ur hse lor...
Y d
Haha maybe! Yeah probably suspect le! Haha sian got chased out of mybro's room coz he say his tuition teacher coming!
Oh take care then
Yep probably I Going slp now
I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
Lol poor dweh ji  <DECIMAL>  also not enuff sleep... dun nap wait usuper tired lo poor thing T.T....
Ate at a restaurant in the sports complex. Dont remember the name ofthe restaurant. Ohh pokemon.
<#>
Haha I continued lol... okie... so u got go jog?
Oo.  Orh.. btw jk n u ok already?
Yup. Taking with one of my friends. I'll ask her if she can change towed  <#>  class.
Saw you
Oh k k..
I usually go west coast plaza eat. Got Thai Korean food. Notbad
R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
Howz that persons story
Ahhh okay make it 5 then. Meet you at canteen 2.
Lame dog! Excited not 2moro new workout
It totally died?
Awwwww okay
See then say la. I very shui bian 1, beggers cant be choosers.
Love you mom
Bhai ek kam tha.. Crystal c0urt me 2nd fl0or pe ek electr0nics ki sh0p he abishek karke.. Tu jb b waha jae to uska c0ntct numb le aana na
Hey do you all wan meet Mr lim for tip 2moro?
I not sure lols! Wth my face keeps peeling forever
hmm. then i think doesn't make much diff.. :) give urself more timeto get started on your research ba,.. your fyp lasts one year?
Dar not finished yet hor?
i thought u going to sch to check smthing?
Yup. The place we are going is called serene centre.
Jio ppl
Got mine is kns hall but ppl r nice.my hall 10yrs old ñ haven renovated.so facilities v.lan.
When u consult the resume, u ask the prof whether need to submithardcopy anot loh. Anyway, i submitted the softcopy lah.
Wot use
Both on cam ?
Just right now?
K giv tomorrow
Cool I will ring you up when I arrive
Im at home. What you want to eat?
Ohh right! What from where!?
in my room
RAM KO CHECK KAR
Not coming?
Coming?
The pool all
Ahh scary!! I will scream if I were alone x.x haha omg so you onlyleft one? Enjoy it okay! Its really super nice! Haha say hi? Yeap!Still watching! My dad bought supper T.T
U ask her lor, i anything...
Oh okay.
Use your mob family connections
Wksht 2c quest 5
Ok lor...
I'm at bruce & fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story)
<#> ,  <#> ,  <#> , eg <#> . The other 2 I not so sure.
Actually guys will not care what it is but will remember who send them
Haha that's not too short. Anyway see u.
You slept
No
Darling laopo i go slp ele! I looooooooooove u
Unstoppable is at  <#> . Tourist has bad reviews. Lets make it  <#> .
Ok bro np .. C u at nyt
hee, 4pm!
All these nice new shirts and the only thing I can wear them to is nudist themed ;_; you in mu?
Very good
Ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
Morning swweety! Now on train le  kiss many many
Hmm...  <#>  plus then leaving school.. nvm ba. Haha
Hi ppl! Tmr there'll be rehearsal for our performance at timo's house(no sch coz public holiday)! (: meet at amk mrt at 1 pm, reply forattendance!
Yayaua ar? Wahahaha.
1) B1E3. 2) alvin chia. 3) mechanical engineering. 4) wkday nights, wkends
Hmmm nope.but Percy will be printing he is in school earlier.
You ll be reaching soon?
Ok i wont call or disturb any one. I know all are avoiding me. I am a burden for all
s panamax brand...
Having camp now la gal.. Haiz i wan to sleep liao!
Train le. Kiss u back
India won by 5 wickets.
LOL LAME HAHAHA SLAP YOU!!!!!! Hahaha wow omg so smart! Haha okay!but I really cannot run de! Hahaha omg that is really so superrandom!! Haha get a good lunch, go home and rest well! Yeah we're atorchard now LOL!!!
Hi guys, sorry for the late msg, for those who need to loan blazer,please come to the council room tmr morning before assembly. Ohh andrmb to bring  <#>  bucks for deposit. Thanks! (:
Hey how do ü want me to pass ü e bash tix?
I find the place isnt as nice for night ob.
Yeah darling been really bz with work... And u? U also nv call wat... Lol..
Yuquan asked if we still wan samc
Rmb to buy m8 circlips, lotsa them.
Ok.. walking over
Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
So when is your driving test?
Qi hao said he tonight got something on, can tmr watch?
I m waiting...
tell daddy no need buy my lunch.. i gg out.hee
Still in Singapore wad. That's why I nvr wish u
Waaaa BS king!
s yours? What have you been doing? :)
Hey you free tmr? Wanna go for some scavenger hunt thingy my fren thought up?
I am in bus on the way to calicut
Wait lah. Exercising mah..
is me is not anything
re the only Star I see tonite. I wish I may. I wish I might be there guarding ur dreams tonite, gd nite sweet dreams
<#>
Nice!!!
Help me
Still working out. Ohh it isn't green in color?
when will u get it ?
Ah sorry,  cannot. Have overnight meeting.. sorry. This week isslightly crazy. I might not brme able to find time after 6. Will keepyou posted
Hey, u all start first okay. I'm really sorry. Caught in a jam. I've3 more stops.
OK. Leaving now. Where?
Anytime eh. Xt says go for cheap food eh.
Ok then take to sengkang mrt take lrt to Kangkar bah lol
dou hua. Aiya, cannot come Geylang must eat spicy Muslim stuff? Curry, otak, yum yum? Geylang sepak tu Geylang? I love Geylang?
Plzz forgive me
Oh...èn ü lkg for wad type of jobs?
Haha doable ah, mostly just use year 3 stuff to answer hahaha! Wow super pro!
Lol you already owe me something le. If tmr never bring how?
Chinese garden? (:
Feeling aha.
I WILL SEE HIM UHH ANYTIME I GUESS THEY HAVE CONVO REHEARSALS AND UHHTHERE'S PROM!
Me lah, who else u wan, haven ask shuhui yet
Hey i didnt say u nt to talk to veena.i just told
Dude f'sho man! Let's hang tonight. I'll text you at like seven or so. 5 3 1
Heavy rain. =( I shall find a way through.
Ok sure No i don't use msn
Lol havent yet eh. Now raining heavily. T.T what new discovery?
K..k..
Yeah I am.
Boo
I thk muz b him lor... Cos he thks tt i change no liao... Oh oh, den did u tell him i din change my no?
hee. steady! i ask them to book!
Click on ma1101, then they will show all the papers. Click on the paper ü wish to view. Then on the window they will ask ü whether ü wish to view it, then ü
Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
Your call, but we do only have the one coupon.. so maybe ditch? =P
Y?
My flu is getting worse, I'm going to sleep for awhile until  <#> +,so may not reply you! Have fun kay! (:
Lol oops I just updated my phone. I think that was an unsent message.
Take care when u hire auto
U do hmwk also wasted
When will u b back... Cos we goin  to sch at 1230...
Sms me when done
So wat time going Oo
Out le
Ata hu  <#>  min me
Ha... He only noes me... Did u go 4 any consultation 4 linear algebra w any tutor??
Need anything from kelantan?
Most Touchin lines by a lover who s cheatd by his lover : " I am not upset that you lied to me, but i am upset that frm nw on i can't believe you...." gudnit
Rock climbing is optional?
U put outside odac rm? Go back alone?
I tot oh is ewg
Hehe.. No, I just remembered.. You want me to bring tmr?
Khtm ho gae sendups .
Ok will try it... Wait till i can dial in to school 1st... Ur phone is powerful can break up messages...
How come?
Hahaha.. Obliviate! :p
Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
Gonna be late, I missed my bus.
Ahh ps! I was out the whole night! Whoa jyjy! Haha so smart! I don'treally do those! Haha ps! I don't want turn on my com coz keep gettingdistracted!
Friend*
OKAY TURNING MY COM ON TO PLAY
You end le call me? Heh.. er at orchard
I dunno my stuff ready or not lor. Collect together?
can u fetch me ? i done already
Oh I see. I don't have my aunt's number now. Have to get it from myparents later. How about nafa? How come the price is so different fromthe one listed on the website?
Andrew pls dont4get abt practis2day at  <DECIMAL> pm.
Last minute hw
Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
where are you? what are you doing? are you feeling well?
Call me if u wanna work over this weekend as an exhibition agent ofglobal yellow pages. The rate is $6/hr. At tampines mall. Fri signcontract and short training at 5pm. Sat work from  <#> am to  <#> pm.Sun is from 9am to 5pm. I'll go for all. Haha. But sad to say mustcommit for both days. Then u shld know lah, the faster u can cfm, thehigher chances u can get it.
Y ru doin lyk dis
Who doesnt want to be happy. I want it too.
Hey, ask u ar, how long would the thing takes including the blood oneif i go at  <#> am. Becoz i've a lec at  <#> pm so i wanna roughlygauge. Haha.
Hey mon tut ah. You know where is that place a not?
Yun...Total 60 fotos for the aust trip online rite? Can i haf ur hotmail add?
Loool
Haha I bring you go underpass la. Then no need to risk le.
Haha alright, omw
Yes tonight 8pm.
From*
Haha but  <#>  mins omg! and no one called! Usually i'm the one whocalls Sophie and friend haha >< haha if I say it'll be so random! Andthey'll ask how you asked! Haha got to revise math! I'll bring italong if I can't finish later (: haha! now physics so I sit in front:Phaha srsly! Omg I can't imagine Raghav playing iPad hahaha!
Joel and I can go on the 2nd day wad. Or u all weds doing wad
After years of nagging I finally got mark to get contacts Woohoo!
RYAN IM SO IN LUV WITH U! BE MY DATE PLS.
Hey mei... U came 4 e talk today? Oh, e orientation izit muz sign up one?
I dun mind. When izzit
Hmm..laogong doing what now?
Ok
Wanna meet for dinner first? Then play like abput  <#> pm.
oo.. ivory is where? same as xiaoxinn?
Gad mera.
Nothing where are you
BECAUSE.
In school already?
Um  <#>  mins max? I'm printing it out and packing my stuff!
Shit Charles! Well if you don't go maybe we can hang like <TIME> ish
Woah ok. Anything else happen that needsmy attention?
I dunno! Nice bottle btw, remind me pass you chem today!
Ok... Anyway i so free... Wad time will it be?
Good afternoon starshine! How's my boytoy? Does he crave me yet? Ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* I miss you babe *teasing kiss*
hai how are you
2oo <#>  thanks!
Until 545 lor... Ya, can go 4 dinner together...
when is our next meet?
Shld be okay I guess.
Ok.
Boo you transferred le mah?
Hi there?
Around  <#> ?
Hai
Okay thanks.
but u said will be back on sat. i tot u bought tickets liao? We can go yam cha together...
Lols I going back put stuff later. U wan eat anything
I have class at 3 or whatever
I will baobao u everyday! Laogong later careful hor.now dark dark de.I reaching in abt 2 stops
Haha okay! Got dress code?
tonight ah.... y leh?? where u want to go??
Haha hopefully!! Haha I don't understand!! The ones that look like sneakers??
I think can.
sol??
aiya! u so yeiyei lei. yessss.
Who ask you to be lazy..
angela, me, shihui, we still lack one player actually.. come join us lah
I think most people probably are =P
Okay, u send me again. Maybe mu friend ytd sent me one big file. Ideleted it away liao. Haha.
Haha dont worry eh things will work out.
<#>   <#>  ovs.shitty batting
Oops I meant tcy
Going ipt tmr?
Phew... We finally got in...
chou chou baobei! u shld get more rest also!! hug u more next time.and the mug hor, u need to wait quite awhile hor! :-*
Its precisely because of exams I go for supper.
u wanna makan dinner tonight?
college is off tomorrow but come we have a meeting.
do you still have your ps3
Its a reaction. So its not really dissolving, but trust me, that isthe answer they are looking for.
There's still chem and the other bio..
Metro le chuke hai.
sup?
In meeting room 5.u in school liao?
ll give a better one k.. :-)
Should we meet at Ben and Jerry's?
Haha probably not bah. Tmr morning eh.
K:)k.are you in college?
Haha... So wat present he wan?
Hi
s impossible between us?
Up to dadar
I think my relationship is on é rocks
Hey dickson, so how's the progress for IS consulting proj? I've askedteck guan to send us his updates.
Okay
Coming back now, will take  <#> ~ <#>  mins
Koi! Siob Siob Siob... later I shall go buy mango milkshake! If stillhave left lol....
Recommendation letter for?
Nope.. he went in the morning
no siting?
Kidding la. With my parents. Oh man did you see how shiny my bass was on friday night haha.
Ippo edutha shaapam kittum.njan shaapam kittatha ppo vilikkaamm..hehhehe
Make me a sandwich!
Going over to audi now. Cold day.
Dunno haha, maybe I wanna do well coz you motivate me also, but toolate cannot挽救, so very stress? Haha my paper end at 4, I think likelythat I sleep until dinner, eat dinner then start work so yeah:/
Hey... You have driving lessons this weekend?
"GOOD MORNING" 'A MESSAGE 2Start Ur Day, 'A PRAYER 2 BleSS Ur Way, 'A CHEER 2 PerFecT Ur Day, & 'A MoMenT 2 say 'TAKE CARE & hv a LOVELY DAY.."
Later 9pm at usual place!
Call him now
Yea :( glen is playing now and winning lmao
Hey what r doing? I'm feeling very happy 2day..Neenga illathane..:-) where r u now?b happy without thinking of any demons..bye da..god bles u
Haha hao bah. :-D
As in u take bus back alone?
yar wo galat kase ho sakta ha wo to solution main bhi wase hi ha
ya right, this is not morally right
If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
Haha nah I'm not going without a partner.
huh? You are not ah... Haha really meh. Ok
m into a pretty tough cos sci ür 1st choice?
Post!
Which is why i never wanted to tell you any of this. Which is why i'm so short with you and on-edge as of late.
s it going on for AI for you all?